hello Bridget
hello Jeff what's happening nothing I'm
so excited made it happen we did happy
sober October the first podcast ever
where Marshall is in the room oh my gosh
I feel so honored you are honored this
is a special one
he's just exhausted and I knew he wanted
to just lie down next to me my dog
always comes through the YouTube show
and we're always like oh just gonna
knock over the lights in the middle but
you see her come in and out in the edits
well when red Ben and I used to the
podcast back in the day we stood in my
office at my house and my kids were
really little so I'd hear like screaming
and crying the background so thanks for
doing this thank you how's this house
over October going it's great I want to
thank you for doing that why is that
because it creates a community and it's
super cool for people to just have that
month of clarity I just think it's
really cool I'm grateful it's my sober
birthday in October so I was like how
many years six years that's a lot no
that's that's insane it's you said weeds
the hardest part yeah weed is are you
sure you need to be sober from weed yeah
I've tried because here's the thing
here's the kind of you really want to
know what kind of addicts I am I will I
can do it for a while I've tried so I
was in rehab when I was 19 for heroin
and I started using everything when I
was 12 13 years old
well not everything but I mean I started
drinking and smoking weed I mean a girl
all over I moved every year and a half
it's lying story um my my whole thing
sounds like an improv and like I'm
making it all up but it was just chaotic
up rain but I'm from the East Coast and
then I graduated from high school
Minnesota so to give you we just moved a
lot I went to like 11 schools in 12
years so I started drinking really young
I started smoking weed right around when
my parents got divorced and then I was
pretty much a daily smoker from the day
that I found weed it was like oh my god
I like 14 I loved it
a release was an escape was it just a
perturbance of normal you know my
my upbringing was kind of chaotic and
honestly I think that I Oh we'd a debt
of gratitude because I don't know that I
could have been fully present for what
was going on and in the house and and
and not like killed myself or had done
something worse it was just too much for
like a small developing brain to handle
and we'd put enough of that nice like
fuzzy distance between me and like chaos
I'm gonna start it it's just gonna be me
alone crying I had no idea it was and so
it was it was good except then I s
callate it after I was drugged and raped
when I was 18 oh sorry not to get heavy
it's part of my story it's horrible but
bad shit hat like one of the things that
I've had to come to terms with as you
know I don't blame myself for that
happening but I I do have to take
responsibility for the fact that when
you're a woman or a girl and you're out
getting blacked out and in this instance
you're around people who are bad things
happen that are not good it sucks but
you know if I had daughters I would be
like watch your fuckin drinks and like
be careful and don't get don't try not
to black out cuz you don't know what is
gonna go down there are so many people
that I know that have been drugged yeah
I know I know the thing about that
that's so weird to me well a I don't I I
try to make light of everything because
I have to do in order to survive medium
and I'm from the East Coast
it's just how I handle shit like my
family's from Rhode Island my dad's one
my dad's one of ten it was a roast
battle growing up yeah you either if you
were the sensitive one they're like oh
you're gonna cry about it
you couldn't survive you had to just be
like I'm on top of it that is Rhode
Island Boston Connecticut yeah you're
getting
and you either keep up or you're like
you're out you're out you're the loser
in the family and you're drinking -
obviously sure heavily so he died
unfortunately was like if you're gonna
do that like use enough to make sure
that I don't come to in the right don't
be an amateur bro like it because I have
memories of and kind of came to so it
was like I would have preferred just the
nothingness of you know if being lunch
like stuck in my subconscious things
what was the whole Cosby situation like
for you then I wrote a whole thing about
it because I wrote this piece on medium
Bill Cosby raped me kind of because
we're not because it's a little baby
because when all that stuff came out I
was like oh really ladies like you're
gonna come forward now and I had to stop
and like evaluate my own my own cynicism
and just response to that and writing is
pretty much how I process everything it
always has been and so I'm like I'm just
gonna write about this and see what
comes through and essentially it was
that internalized shame that had I had
been holding on to was I was projecting
it onto these women who were cuz if a
bunch of girls from Minnesota I came
forward and said this sleazy dude you
know drug doesn't raped us back in the
90s
yeah I'm 40 I'm 40 so yeah it was like
the 90s I would come forward and and
support them in support of that if it
was the person who did it to me I
wouldn't be like come on ladies it's a
little late for this now right but that
was my kind of gut instinct I don't
think it was I like I said I think it's
internalized shame I think I just I I
had not forgiven the girl and me either
the young girl and me who blamed myself
I didn't tell anyone when it happened I
I woke up and of I'm lucky I'm not dead
I'm lucky I made it to get sober six
years ago when I look at how my
trajectory was and so I ended up like
kind of coming to and the weird thing
about roofies is that you don't really
remember so I like thank the guy for
having it you know it's like oh thanks
for letting us crash in this place I
didn't even mean to crash at and I think
and then things started coming back and
one of the my friends I think something
happen to her - and and it's crazy I'm
telling this story just based on what
happened last week so I just went we
went to like the Apple River which was
this place in Minnesota and just I got
blackout drunk for like the next five
days I couldn't I couldn't handle it I
felt ashamed because I was drinking
underage I had I was working in a
restaurant I had a lot of older friends
we were downtown in Minneapolis I felt
super cool and my friend and I both have
the exact last memory and then I have
memories of like crawling around on the
floor and trying to find fault like just
bad things and um I always hesitate to
tell them - because I don't know they're
guys they're like yeah tell me more
defensive mechanisms and yeah so then I
just went bananas I started doing hard
drugs that year and you think you did
that as a response to them oh yeah
I just was trying I was already running
from so much there had already been
might and that was a tipping point yeah
my my stuff I was a little crazy I don't
really publicly talk about it all that
often but it was like whatever I met
like crazy stepdad do you like it yeah I
think you can figure things out and it
was really chaotic and and then that
kind of escalated my drug use I found
hard drugs and like then I tried speed
and math and I hated it because my brain
already races I don't need any help with
that
that's rare though that somebody doesn't
like speed and math oh I hated it I
hated it get on that stuff no no no I
don't I'll of heroin I didn't get like
it
heroin is like that maternal like womb
I think it's also I don't I don't need
stimulation for my brain I need I I
always wanted relief from this were you
snorting it
what parallel yeah and smoking it and
you ever get to the point of shooting it
it it was right before I quit
so once and then I was like I'm gonna
die essentially cuz you realize like I
was 89 pounds in nineteen I had like one
of those hallmark movie moments I had
been out here with a boyfriend and he
had a movie and we were just like it was
like Sid and Nancy movie I was parent I
was doing so much blow I had delusions
of like a movie meaning he was making a
movie he was in one movie and we were
out here and it was just chaos and we
were like it was this shit that I did
you get into comedy that was and not for
a while thank God I got dared to do that
and 2010 basically and so somebody dared
me to do it and the comedy stores where
I popped my cherry and it was on like
one of those bringer shows and it was an
absolute shit shell like every fucking
stereotype that you ever heard people
were doing blow at the green room and
like everybody it was like Holly were in
the belly room man no it was on the main
stage but it was one of those like me it
was a it was when isn't like the years
before the yeah you were around from
2007 yeah so you you got there in the
darkest days oh it was fuck he does say
the darkest days were like 2007 till
like 2012 it was dark and then my set
went okay enough that I decided I wanted
to like do it again but that was many
years after after the like trajectory so
I long story short I ended up in rehab
and 19 and I was there for seven months
seven months
I wasn't halfway so you were arrested no
I put myself in a halfway house but it
was like does that work like you put
yourself in jail no it's not jail how
can you how come you can put yourself at
a halfway house because a halfway house
like that in between jail it's not
mandatory they let you put yourself like
hey look I'm fucked up you mind if I
just hang out here for a while I
couldn't go home because of my home
stuff and so I basically after two weeks
my insurance was up and they're like
okay you're free to go I'm like I can't
go I mean three drugs in like two
minutes
and so they'd let you stay no I took a
bus and put myself in general assistance
and Minnesota
the joke is it's Minnesota our land of
10,000 treatment centers it's like a
great place to get sober and so I put
myself on basically welfare and then I
found a place and I'll never forget I
called this place and the woman answered
it she was like I was like hi and I had
had some guys try to do stuff to me so I
I was looking for a woman's place and
this woman was like yeah who ever said
ok what's that like here she's like you
ever heard of boot camp
like sounds perfect I needed that
structure I needed something and so they
I basically because I was on welfare
they accepted me and it was like me and
I was the only white girl I was by far
the youngest it was it was basically a
lot of women just who the judge said
like go to this program for three months
and you won't go to jail there's nuts to
that's an education oh yeah I mean I
realized what a privileged little
spoiled brat I was that's for sure and
then I never but I also hide behind that
so I never wanted to share anything and
they're like it's all relative everyone
has their problems and we can't but
these stories versus mine they're not I
feel like I just had too much and then I
started sharing them they're like damn
white people are fucked up now is when I
learned it was really an early lesson
and like all this intersectional
bullshit it was very early lesson for me
that like it doesn't matter it does not
matter what color your skin is white
like when you're an addict or when
you're at rock-bottom or we're all
humans just like fucked up trying to get
out of our own
way yeah and so that was that was an
interesting experience and then I got in
my car moved to LA well your fucking
Twitter feed is hilarious you have one
of my favorite Twitter Hey wow that's
not like or retweet your shit all the
time I love I well I
I was recently in DC and somebody and
they they said that oh this is Bridgette
she's a Twitter celebrity and I was like
what the fuck I've never wanted to kill
myself on being a twitter celebrity
Marshalls trying to say hi to you hey
buddy hey buddy I didn't even notice he
got up I'm sorry he's my best friend
how dare you Martha
yeah yeah that that I forgot where we
were sorry you're talking about
that's exactly my intersectional oh yeah
hi Marshall come here no I knows he
wants to play you can play you want to
lay down yeah I just don't want to get
in the way um um so you were saying that
you realized that everybody has their
problems doesn't matter if you're black
or white yeah I really learned a lot
those women it was run by lesbians they
they like taught me some shit that stuck
with me my whole life like cluttered
room cluttered mind yeah I loved that
one it was basically like they were very
strict but what happened was I learned
how to be a really crafty drug addict so
I was like well as long as my room is
clean I don't have a problem because I
came I came to LA at 19 or 20 I guess
and this was like mm and I started
interning at this website called buddy
head it was like this old music website
and they were all Punk and they had the
number-one gossip site for music in town
at the time and everybody was obsessed
with us with with this website and then
feeling Marshall is a distraction here
he seems like he seems a little restless
buddy come here come here pal come here
he's so cute though I can't bear to kick
him out
and gentlemen is a sweetest dog in the
world seriously you've been asking for
him to be on the show forever he's just
gonna he'll do the rounds he'll go to
you hi what are you doing in here he'll
go to you who get Pat and maybe he'll
get Pat but the I just don't want to
interrupt the conversation now a little
bit of a distraction that's fine I'm all
over it I don't want to yank any wires
out either hey he's going to Jamie now
told you doing the rounds that's what he
does there's such like love sluts it's
amazing Golden's are love sponges so is
my boxer she'll go sleep from one bed to
another to another she gets all the love
well he doesn't he's not allowed to
sleep in beds yeah but he's uh he's very
loved I've never had a dog like that
before
they're just so different than any other
dog I've ever had because it's just he's
just a constant friendly lover mmm no he
never gets annoying with you it never
wants to go lie down but he's always
happy when you say hi to him yeah just
start talking or unconditional yes I
mean it's crazy those used to be wolves
I know them into this thing I know
domesticated themselves sort of thin
they yes like a visual thing well
initially but you know there was
actually a display going on right now
that I went to last weekend at the
what's that Science Museum in LA what is
it called
yeah it's downtown the one next to the
arena with the football arena I think
it's the California Science Center
whatever it is it's there's a whole
thing on dogs okay it's a whole thing
there's one of them it shows how dogs
became dogs from wolves and the slow
process of their ears starting to droop
and their snout starting in short they
became smaller and I mean every animal
and this is something that they didn't
realize I don't think it fell like the
last couple of decades for the longest
time they thought that wolves were
wolves and dogs were a mixture of wild
dogs and cannons and all these different
animals and they realized oh no these
are all wolves Wow fucking Chihuahua is
okay I just have such a hard time
believing that doesn't make any sense
that's like saying a Prius is a car a
Corvette it doesn't make any sense
no that's true though yeah it is true
they found out that somehow another
human being is manipulated you know
through selective breeding they took a
wolf and turned it into like an English
bulldog it's crazy but I love them well
that's yeah she let him out just let him
out because he probably he might have to
pee or something like that and he wants
to go talk to this he's going to the
door because he wants to go get love
from everybody else yeah all the
security guys of all time I'm never so
good to have around
oh yeah he's like whenever you feel bad
you just go to him and just he just
gives you love and kisses their presence
is huge for things that are pretty
silent for the most part when my dog is
boarded or whatever it's like what I
feel like there's this like giant
presence that's gone well you know what
it is though it's like emotional candy
like you shouldn't have candy all the
time and you should have people in your
life yeah right you shouldn't just be
one of those fucking weirdo dogs yeah
they're just eaten candy like oh I don't
go to dog parks because of that oh it's
so true right the dog park scene in LA
as psychotic and there's always some
more the dog that can't control yeah
that's been me before too when I was one
my one of my dogs one of my pit bulls
was a puppy he was like five months old
maybe six I would open up the door he
would run to find the first dog you find
him in the face bro like I had never had
a dog like that before yeah I didn't
know how to handle it
I didn't know that like he can't this is
a male dog with his balls and he's five
six months old you literally can't bring
her around less you like have them
rigorously trained yeah and it needs to
be rigorous like shot-caller someone
yeah and someone has to show you how to
do it correctly yeah that the dog after
seeing two attacks in a dog park I was
like okay
I'm out no it's people bring fucking
crazy dogs dog barks yeah and I treat my
dog I mean there's some I there's some
leniency but I'm very much like it's a
dog I'm not one of the like let's trust
in sweaters and have a birthday party
for like no no that's it we're not
having a birthday party for my dog we're
not putting any kind of Halloween
costume on this pet just my kids do all
that shit to Marshall they do all that
shit to him they dressed him up like a
fish the other day they got him a fish
cause I'm like nah he's a fucking dog
with a crazy he's like I can't move this
weird outfit on yeah um so you were
talking about Minnesota and you're
talking about here then he moves here
yeah and then I went back east
and then I was in the restaurant
industry for a long time so basically I
was in rehab and then I left rehab and
did you start writing I always wrote you
always wrote did you always publish
things like one no I didn't know that
you just do I started writing I mean my
journal holy shit from that first rehab
have you ever seen that movie se7en
where he has like that's what my journal
is Christ like why am I still single
that movie still fucks with my head yeah
I saw it in a theater and I remember
driving home thinking I was gonna get
murdered that was Kevin Spacey yeah I'm
just realizing that now yeah being
creepy as fuck
yeah but one of his most brilliant roles
well American Beauty was another one I
think that I think oh god I hate saying
this you think when it deserved it I
don't think I wonder how fucked up you
have to be as a human to be able to play
someone that fucked up I know I know I
go to that place yeah not just to go to
that place but you fucking believed it
hook line and sink yeah yeah okay like
the Joker Joaquin Phoenix I fucking
bully I haven't seen yet spoiler alert I
no no it's fine it's been two weeks I
know well I mean I'm not gonna spoil it
but it was a dark week for me I couldn't
go see it I wasn't emotionally strong
enough
well just because of some shit that
happened that was crazy that triggered
all this stuff from when I that we would
started this conversation as you know as
crazy it was like I'm crazy
PTSD is real you know I hate I hate that
the word triggered has been destroyed
like it's been destroyed because it does
when you have had trauma and there's a
brilliant book the body keeps the score
and he talks about how it lives in your
body basically and you and he worked
with vets and you know it's crazy like
he in this book I've been rereading it
again and he's talking about how when he
was writing to get some from the VA to
get like a grant to study PTSD they were
like no we don't even really think that
it wasn't even part of their profile
which is crazy to think now that he
wasn't part it wasn't even like a thing
it was a granule shot it was yeah my
grandpa I mean I have all my grandpa's I
should have brought some at my all my
grandpa's letters from World War two I
mean that guy it's correct he would be
getting bombed basically going on
getting underway every single day for
months and he's like the most striking
thing to me is how he's like I don't
want to feel sorry for myself I know
nobody would want me to feel any
self-pity I'm like we live in the
biggest pussy generation of the entire
we live in just the whiniest culture
he's literally at war and he's like I'd
hate to be whining I think why we have
such a whiny culture is because things
are so safe relatively yeah I do
definitely because the people that are
complaining for the most part the people
that are egregiously complaining they
don't have real issues it's just so
weird I always see this like I am
fighting for my life and like no you're
not you're fucking your couch get in
post maids your your your story like
when you tell your story like that's one
of the stories that like legitimately
makes you sit back and go holy shit okay
those stories nobody gets upset at you
yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a little mean
they don't get upset that it happened to
you I mean they don't get upset at you
expressing this like it's some horrible
disastrous event your life because it
clearly is well yeah
and it is that's why I hate that the
word triggered has been so destroyed
because it is a thing that people have
to end so in this recent this girl is my
hero and this recent thing that happened
it was like this person walked in into a
situation and she looked a strut and
like long story short we ended up at a
rape trauma center together and it was
you said she walked into a situation
it's like we it's hard to she gave me
permission to like talk about this if it
came up and and so I'm okay with it just
don't say her name no no no and I know
I'm not telling her story no details of
hers um so I was in a 12-step meeting
and she kind of walked in and looked
destroyed and I'm not one of those girls
like hey look it like it's not like
leave me the fuck alone but I saw the
look I this is where I might actually
cry um I saw the I recognize that look
like it wasn't like I'm having a bad day
in sobriety it was like something
happened and I just made a beeline for
her and I was like are you okay and she
was like no I'm not
and she's like something bad happened to
me and we went left that there and then
we went out onto a bench and we're I was
like how old are you and she's like I'm
19 and young you know and and I was like
she told me what happened and something
bad it happened the night before and I
was like well and I told her I shared
with I was like that same thing happen
to me at your age and I was like and
she's like what you know like that look
of like relief that somebody could
understand and she's like what do I do
I'm like well I know what not to do and
it's nothing so and it I'm telling you
it was it was like that girl is so brave
T I'm like what compelled you to even
walk into that into the meeting what
come I wasn't even gonna go to that
meeting and then when we ended up in
that Center like the counselor was so
amazing the nurse was so amazing every
it was like a warm blanket of love was
just wrapped around her and was she in
sobriety like it was like I can't it's
like not really my story to tell but it
was a
she was she was fucked up yeah so it
wasn't like dead sober but yeah so it
was just it was basically like my story
that she was telling so it triggered
like oh it was weird to hear my story as
she's relaying it and I'm having like
flashbacks so last week I was like her I
haven't really told anyone I'm even
gonna like talk to you or anything
because some of my friend was like so
what have you been doing to like get
ready I'm like what I've been crying a
lot and eating a lot of cake yeah like
it's just Joe in a conversation but I
think people think it's like it you know
some people it is it is things get weird
with people when when there's an event
coming yeah well and it was my
anniversary of six years which always is
like that was Friday so um it was me you
know it was amazingly healing like to to
be able to just it was one of those
moments where there's there's where
something bad that happened to me I was
like oh suddenly this has meaning like I
can use this to help someone else and
that's you know I interviewed this
really brilliant woman who escaped from
like a million things and her whole
thing is like if you what good is our
freedom if we can't use it to liberate
somebody else and you know come circling
back to like the world war two in this
generation ayaan Hirsi Ali says that
basically this generation is like
they're like trust fund babies with
freedom because they're so far removed
from having to fight for freedom that
they just take it for granted that's an
interesting way of describing it yes fun
babies with freedom that's a and she's
just brilliant yes she is brilliant
that is a that's that's a great way to
look at it too but it's very hard for
people um without struggle I think
people don't know what to do yeah and
they they create problems that don't
exist it's a very common thing I think
human beings are designed to deal with
so many different problems that could
come up in your environment physical
threats danger all these different
things community all these different
things that you're designed to handle
and when those things aren't there your
your brain and your body starts to
manufacture things okay a lot of people
that you see that create drama online
yeah you know if there's so many people
that I follow secretly this is what I do
I bookmarked their Twitter page and then
I go to it just what I need like a dose
of madness yeah and there's YouTube
videos like that as well and you know
that used to be blogs you could go and
read where people were just obviously
their real life is so meaningless that
they're seeking all of this drama online
they're seeking this distraction online
and there's people that have followed
that are involved in arguments 1214
hours a day and now and I can relate
okay
I truly can relate because I've been mad
I'm madness like crazy yeah I've been
crazy before and I'm still definitely a
little crazy but yeah I get it now like
I know what it is
do you notice there be no oh no how do
you know how did you figure out you were
crazy like how do you how did you self
reflect I guess I think I think I'm
honest with myself yeah yeah isolation
tank mm-hmm drugs mm-hmm the drugs that
have helped me like so you know drugs
yeah although those are looks whatever
you tell your therapist you could lie to
your therapist you can't a lot of
mushrooms yeah
mushrooms go what bitch yeah yeah and
show you everything and so yeah all
those different things will show you all
the real problems that you have yeah I
know what these people are doing I know
that it's a sight people get caught in
cycles of like creating bullshit and and
then they get in cycles of like
festering and you know Jamie kill Steen
yeah
one of things Jenna Jamie's a reformed
super so yeah one of the things that
Jamie told me who said like he would
like say something about someone like
this guys are not seeing a piece of shit
yeah he would say it on Twitter and then
he would be
glued to his phone looking at every
response you know every once it came in
on Twitter and he'd be reacting to order
freaking out getting anxiety from the
people turn on him he'd be like no yeah
then he would fucking fuck you and go
back at him and he's just like this
thing where you're trapped in it you're
trapped in it all day yeah yeah Faisal
and I were talking about this the kid
from Iraq who is on my podcast and he
was I was like it's so weird and you
know they and all those like dystopian
books it was like this wreckage
everywhere and then you plug in to get
to a better place and I feel like when I
unplug it's like a Disney movie again
and it's like chaos I don't want I don't
want a flip phone I want one I know I
know I like taking pictures of things I
like having the option but I've done
much better over the last six months of
being way more disciplined with my time
yeah yeah you know like sometimes I'll
have my phone and I'll go don't don't do
it so I'm like giving myself advice
that's the same way I've become my own
therapist
yeah I've given myself I give myself
advice on don't just randomly just start
reading Google stories yeah yeah yeah I
go I look for information I'm like there
must be something but some of the
funniest things that you do like my
favorite of your routines are your
rabbit holes when you take us yeah
through your internet rabbit holes those
are like my favorite bits that you do
because I can't yeah cuz I can identify
so much with that like you'll be and I
always joke like I know I'm in trouble
when it's like maybe 9/11 was an inside
job because all roads lead to 9/11 was
an inside job on the internet like
that's just if you're finding yourself
like mmm what did happen there you're
like okay Gavin well the private eyes
you can find no matter what the subject
is even if it's completely ridiculous
you can find someone with a compelling
argument that it makes sense yeah and
then you watch a YouTube video yeah and
that the problem with YouTube videos is
- there's no one standing there going
that didn't happen
that's not what he said that's not real
no no no architects and engineers to
nine eleven truth
all the architects hold on hold on drill
engineer hold on no no you're missing 30
seconds of that video with a Center
building your abs hold on that happened
minutes before hold on yeah the beams
were cut during the demolition of the
building that's not what happened you
need all that back Jack game so you
don't cuz you get a like a flat earth
video you watch those motherfuckers you
look what is this real
are we really gonna go we're on a disk i
watch that like zeitgeist movies like
there's some good point
there's nothing guys is not that's Peter
Joseph's movie that's not completely
preposterous yeah no that's a very good
movie yeah but if it's not theirs I
think any time like if someone wanted to
write a blog on you like this is Bridget
this is Bridget feta see there's not
there's just one voice that's right you
that's someone writing about you if you
were there you'd blame well that's not
entirely true and yeah I'm like that
sometimes with 99% of time I'm not like
yeah yeah cherry picked the worst
aspects of me and write a blog about
right you'd be able do that I mean that
isn't but it's not real no it's not and
that's the problem with someone writing
a blog about you or making a youtube
video about you right or even tweeting
about you if they went on a tweet storm
you know I read Bridget's 4 Twitter feed
and she's a fucking rancid cunt in this
way I'm fine I mean it's interesting too
because you know you are very public I
am very public there's a lot of material
for people to draw from but still like
they don't see me cleaning up my dog
shit in the backyard like that's me
you're the whole love you yeah tries to
and even like I you know I have friends
that have done stupid shit and someone
said that guy's a piece of shit like no
he's not he did a piece of shit thing
right one time who hasn't don't tell me
it's not a good guy for fucking 20 years
I love them to death like yeah people
are not a thing of one thing there are a
bunch of things and the problem with
like some like internet interaction is
so incredibly limited because whether
it's through Twitter feeds or or blog
posts or whatever it is
it's it's a shit way to get the whole
picture across especially when you're
defining a person yeah if you or you're
discussing a subject like it's a good
way to get your thoughts across at that
very moment yeah but if you're a pretty
like if you want to tell me that
vaccines cause all these fucking
horrible diseases and I'm like okay we
hold up stop let's get some scientists
in here yeah let's let's get some people
let's have a fucking for our discussion
about this and let's bring up
peer-reviewed studies yeah let's find
out what the fuck is going on you know
can veganism really cure diabetes and
cancer and it is all that shook really
caused by meat well let's get some
scientists yeah let's talk let's talk to
people that have actually reviewed the
data because there's so many goddamn
documentaries that somebody goddamn
video you know tell you know you can
find anything you can firm anything you
want to believe and that's the craziest
thing and there's it and there's no
check on that belief if you've decided
is truly confirmation by it you're like
here's what I believe and now I'm gonna
seek out things to confirm that you
should be seeking out things to debunk
that belief yes if you're trying to be
intellectually honest but most people
it's not even really in our wiring to
want to do that we just want to be right
we want to be no I have some friends
that believe every fucking conspiracy
theory that comes on the pipet I'm sorry
see there's they're fun I always send
them debunking things they get mad at me
you're like now is that it's but it's so
easy to go down that it's it is a weird
you we all kind of become like
two-dimensional abstractions online yes
so I had friends that I waited tables
with and then what happened to me kind
of getting caught in the crossfire of
the culture wars is that I just noticed
I wasn't saying things that I wanted to
say and I was like why aren't I tweeting
these things it was weird to me I'm like
huh that's weird why am i self censoring
and then I realized because it was and
then once I started saying those things
there's like oh this is why I'm not
saying yes I wanna get in the war but I
didn't even know the war was going on I
was always going I was an idiot I was
drunk
waitressing and I put my head up in 2015
it was like there's a war controversial
Tzipi controversial opinions there's
always a war and you know on the flip
side of it dear sir people want to
believe the official story about
everything and they're just as annoying
as the people that want to believe every
conspiracy I was not aware that the war
included controversial opinions like
boys and girls are different I didn't
know that the thing had gotten the war
had new rules and some Michael malice
always gives me shit like when I was on
as fuck ass cuz I've been doing all this
when you start kind of speaking out
against the left you end up on
right-wing media because they're the
only people who have a conversation with
you and so yeah it's crazy so I go on
like Glenn Beck and I'm like did you
know that the left has different rules
for themselves and he's like yeah no
shit first
yeah we we knew that we've been aware of
this and I'm just like this moron is
like can you believe these bandits
deeply entrenched in that culture war
you wouldn't understand how far it's
gone and I was like literally just
getting high waiting tables trying to
make jokes trying to maybe get some of
that TV money sell show and and like
trying to pay my bills every single
month
this past February the first time since
I was 17 that I knew how I was gonna pay
two months of bills like that's a long
time to be thank you I have some friends
that are blissfully unaware and
occasionally I'll send them things like
I have a friend of mine and I was
sending this article about all these
different track and field events that
are being won by men now oh god women
not only that men that identify as women
but you know that like in some places
you don't even have to take hormones all
I have to do is identify oh no way yes
way yes high school kids like you can't
force them to take hormones all they
have to do is identify as a woman is
different everywhere cuz no one knows
what the fuck is going on so there's all
these different rules everywhere you go
I was getting my eyebrows done and my
the woman who does my eyebrows
Vietnamese and she was telling me that
her kids got their ears pierced and
she's like hi I went and like my the
kids they got their ears pierced and my
daughter who's not sixteen yeah I wanted
one in the like ear top of her earlobe
and the guy was like oh no she has to be
16 to do that and I was like yeah yet
she can take hormones it's like it ohad
the youngest of kids ever an article
about this guy who's losing custody of
his son because he wouldn't let his son
transition at six my son went to his
wife and the wife in him split up and
the wife wanted to chemically castrate
the boy and give him hormone blockers
because she had decided that the boy was
a girl whether or not the boy decided or
not they still we're talking about a
young kid and the guy was being ordered
by the state that he had to refer a boy
I don't believe it was California
he referred the boy as a girl and he had
to and he was gonna have only supervised
custody now because he wasn't referring
to he was not allowed to misgender his
son his son was no longer his son was
now a girl well here's the thing about
all that shit it's like no one wants to
fight against the mob of the left but no
one there's no established science on
any of this stuff and everyone's
different I mean people that are trans
yeah for sure of course are there young
people that know that they're a girl
from the time that they're young and
they're in trapped in a boy's body
there's so many of them to say they are
I would be an asshole to deny that right
but how what do we know about this how
much do we know about this and how much
should we interfere with their hormone
or hormonal development well it's so
important to like brain functioning
isn't it this is that brain development
and don't you change your hump day men
if you're a if you leave them alone they
just become gay men I've seen this
online there's like a lot of pushback
from some communities saying that it's
very anti woman and homophobic but a lot
of these things are kind of a rate it's
like just right since our woman is the
competition
that and 10 also just like I can't you
know sometimes you'll see examples of
women can't talk about their periods or
something because it makes like a trans
woman feel bad or if you you know so
there's this a ratio of like me being
able to talk about something because
it's it's like that's weird to me too I
should be able to talk about my
experience as a woman and you're ruining
the experience for trans people but see
that just it's all about compliance I
mean that's what most of this about all
these nut bags are achieving while
they're tweeting 12 hours a day
it's about compliance I mean most of
what they're doing is trying to get
there's one that I tweeted the other day
over and over and over again in all caps
she wrote any gender can have their
period any gender I'm not playing this
game this is where I draw the line I
know that we just got demonetised but
I'm not I can't
there that's the thing I'm like do
whatever you fuckin won I wanted to be a
turtle when I was like sex
yeah real turtle like live in the
service know that our turtles live in
sewers I wanted to be like a sea turtle
like a ninja turn no I wanted to be like
a turtle in the Bahamas I didn't even
know there's a difference in a turtle
and a tortoise until us 30 oh I know I
don't I don't think I was aware that
different name for turtles turtle in a
water turtle they're all fucking Turtles
I don't know anything really and so
that's the beauty ones lived like
hundreds of years TARDIS or sea turtles
do too though oh I think so yeah but
there's tortoises in Joshua Tree oh yeah
right yeah yeah they're tortoises they
tag I want to be a ranger today
therefore when you're tripping what the
fuck I'd put them there it's like they
treat it's an artifact so when you're
tripping how many people have tripped in
Joshua Tree versus not tripped and
Joshua Tree I don't know it's like 30 70
Tripp versus not sure I feel like I
so enough to kind of offset a ghost over
a lot now yeah like once a quarter
so I'm offsetting those numbers do you
ever do anything like isolation tank
never do that I've always wanted to have
one here if you want to do yeah I do
I've always wanted to do that um I do I
want to kind of go back and say like I
don't want to disparage therapy I think
it does help a lot of people it
definitely does help me I think therapy
is like comedy there's good therapy yeah
and there's terrible yeah yeah yeah and
and by the way certain personality types
really are kind of untreatable so if you
have like narcissistic personality
disorder
my therapist like the dirty secret is
will kind of like pass them off to
someone else or something because it
once you realize somebody can't see it
they're wrong they they won't really
well I talked to therapists that about
that and they said some therapy doesn't
work because all these people are really
there for us to talk about themselves
yeah yeah yeah my therapist is kind of
calls me out on shit oh so I like her my
friends who have overheard overheard us
because we FaceTime she because she's
holdover from the East Coast
she they're like it sounds like she's
your friend and she's being kind of like
hard on you but I need that I need
somebody who's gonna III don't
necessarily always it was interesting I
just learned this past week that when
you've had trauma one of the kind of
byproducts is that not only do you not
trust people but you don't trust
yourself and I was like oh you put
yourself in a bad situation right so you
don't trust your own often like your
reaction to it so my reaction to what
happened to me was very I mean yes I was
young and I can forgive myself for that
but it was - I would be like hyper
sexual after that you know I I and then
I I recently last week at this moment
where I was like God all the like men
that just didn't deserve me and this is
one of this I mean I really was like I
felt like I was revirginized or
something I don't know what happened but
I suddenly was like wow I I don't I
suddenly have self-worth it's like
well this is one of the you know where
I'm squishy I'm squishy and a lot of
things and I think feminism is really
important and to like shit on it is
there are women who died and got jailed
for like the right to vote so that
doesn't sit well with me
but the some of the excesses of feminism
and of the in particular like sexual
liberation is that I was told sex is
empowering and it's not fucking
empowering if you're not empowered
already like in my experience you were
told sex is empowering it's kind of well
it's kind of the messaging is like you
know women gonna have sex too and just
like it's it's like it's some empowering
whose name more of an anti shame thing
because like what shamed further they're
sad yeah and I think that's why I think
that I understand it I understand why
that would be the but I feel like what
got lost is that sex is very intimate
and for years there's like intimacy is
so creepy I just thank you I didn't make
like eye contact no no we're not doing
that that's not happening and it's I do
yeah
thank you yeah yeah the back we we I
just didn't have that I I don't know I
just I I missed the memo that it should
be something I was taught that it was
you know like to kind of with hold
because then a man won't respect you
which feels a little bit transactional
so there's that messaging and then
there's messaging of like free the
nipple and be empowered and like you can
have sex with whoever you want but if
you have trauma and you're not really
great on the self-esteem Department and
then you start trying to sleep your way
to empowerment it's only gonna create in
my experience for me it created a lot
more shame and a vicious cycle that was
like very connected to addiction for me
to sleeping your way to empowerment is a
funny concept well suck and fuck your
way
I mean I'm not gonna throw the baby out
with the bathwater and I know I can
already I can you know the problem with
my brain is that I can I'm always like
contradicting myself so I can that's
because life is complicated yeah and
it's not it's not binary like sex is
good sex is bad like there's different
situations where it's good and different
situation where it's terrible for you
yeah and it's just the whole weird
writing for Playboy at so to ask me us
when I started writing I always wrote I
wrote that piece Bill Cosby rape me kind
of that was a great title
thank you and then I ended up Twitter
was really how I got every connection in
the writing world I started somebody
hooked me up with an editor from Playboy
and there was this piece going around
that was like why I don't suck dick and
I'm like well someone needs to stick up
for sucking dick and that person needs
to be me and so I pitched to playboy
like in defense of why I love giving
blowjobs basically and I didn't know
again cuz I'm like a child of the 90s he
was just high I didn't get the memo that
now a lot of that is seen as like
internalizing the patriarchy like
literally not eating pussy sucking dick
but how does that work
oh that's okay but oh it's only okay
dick is internalized well taken into
your body well no just some some went
the whole point of like that not why I
don't suck dick is that it's like it's a
degrading experience which it can feel
that way and I would say anything can
feel pretty special and it's not it's
not a it's not this or that you know
like sexuality is so fucking complicated
that's why I loved writing for Playboy
because it is everything it is shame and
fear and intimacy and love and passion
and all of it like it all happens in sex
and in those messy relationships and the
whole consent culture thing which there
again like they're good things that come
of it but then there's another thing
where part of it where I'm like how are
we going to hack
something is awkward as sexuality when
you're especially when you're liking and
your hormones in your again it comes
down to compliance the whole consent
culture is about I mean look consent is
imperative it's important it's
everything you don't want anybody doing
anything without your consent however
this idea that you should ask for
consent before every single step of the
way can I touch your left left leg
yes can I touch your ass no not yet here
we see that video no it's a great video
it was like teaching consent it's this
consent can be hot and it's like this
guy and this girl kissing and the guy
and the girl the guy's like can I kiss
you she's like yes can I touch your
shoulder yes and he has to say to every
step of the way he's at but it's always
the guy but it's explicit - it's not guy
the girl's neck
can I suck your dick of course you'd
have to ask questions there's like the
idea that the girl has to ask is
ridiculous right yeah yeah so if you
have a video with the girls asking the
guy everybody's like what the is this
she's asking if she can fuck you that is
crazy can you put it inside me yeah yeah
like no one does know it does that has
anybody ever said that ever yeah but
asking the guy for consent is one of the
most ridiculous ideas ever if you're
making out that's consent well be and
this is a difference between explicit
and implicit and there's so much a
consent that occurs it's implicit and
that's some of the sexiest stuff right
it's really talked about it yeah it's
and it's learning to read that body
language and read the like she's you
know hold it want compliance that's what
it is there's people crazy people that
have no life and they're on Twitter all
day the power trip thing what they're
trying to do is get people to bend their
behavior and change it to their will but
why because they're nuts because they
enjoy power tripping right like why do
people why are people saying stop using
guys stop saying guys stop using
gendered language you ever see that
video which one whether there's been in
front of the social oh that I was gonna
say that's right like permission for a
point of personal privilege yeah I made
fun of it a dumpster fire
fucking video is amazing yeah but when
the guy guys can just stop with the
chatter because I have a really hard
time paying attention I've seen and then
the guy who's like the trans woman gets
up and says please stop saying guys stop
using gendered language like oh my movie
no it's insane reality has become parody
I I was watching someone was saying like
please stop using the mascot and it had
like thousands of retweets and it was
like please stop using male and female
the binary needs I'm like no well you
know Todd Phillips director Joker yeah
one of the things that he said in who's
talking about it so he's really
difficult right now to do comedy right
yeah it's just like he's doing an
interview they're like why are you doing
this like really dark superhero movie
this dark action movie like he's like
well fucking hard to do comedy in these
days I mean you know you guys don't
understand that this net so he used the
term you guys and one of the reporters
that criticized it was calling you know
say Todd Phillips is a piece of shit and
look how he uses the term guys like 1
points though the main points this
person made was that he was using the
term you guys like that guys cuz
everything is the patriarchy like what
it's gendered language language you know
that's and this women use it all the
time I use it all the time I use retard
all the time it's I know it's not good
it's not good
but it's not bad here's a thing about
being on the East Coast though it is but
it's also it has nothing to do with a
disease there's no the problem is it has
to do with people literally being retard
dead like retard like slowing down the
progress like a person who thinks the
earth is flat that is a retarded way of
looking at the world yeah and if you
make videos about it you're slowing down
scientific progress if people get caught
up in usually going to be canceled
together I'm hoping to get canceled you
keep trying your dredge so you're like
South Park this is what I think I just I
think what what's going on right now is
just like this K
period of adjustment to our ability to
communicate with each other openly and
across the board and in this weird way
through social media why are we
responsible for everyone's feelings we
are not but this is the world we live in
you you are responsible by your language
and jokes that you tell you if your
jokes are offensive you are responsible
for literally every person's feelings in
the audience not necessarily Bridgette
here's the thing it's such a small
number of people yeah they're so loud
this is what we saw with the Chappelle
special yeah right right tomatoe refused
by Rob's males they decided for whatever
fuckin goofy reason to make it reviewed
by five super woke critics they gave it
a CEO percent they open it up to the
public he gets a one hundred percent
right what the fuck are you talking
about everybody else says it's awesome
and they're gonna like it more because
they don't like you assholes that say
it's zero well in the critical theory
guys you know like James Lindsay you've
had and they're great but they're the
whole idea ninety nine percent and 35
percent yeah at least the tomato meter
went up a little bit with the critics
yeah so listen many laughs to either oh
my god edgy but empty sticks and stones
won't break any bones that it won't
listen many laughs I I mean this was it
I don't know it's James Lindsay I posted
something today he just he just posted
something today to just said oh my oh
it's about diversity in in medical
institutions and that they think that
people who are at the head of of medical
institutions they should have tenure
because we we by this will it would take
50 years like some Smallman posted this
thing like forget about competence this
is their hair it is what does it say
diversity leadership diversify
leadership researchers say term limits
may create more opportunities for women
and minorities in academic medicine like
term limits like forget about how
competent you are at brain surgery what
we need is more brown women in your part
during your part it's so we're gonna
teach them how to be brain search so
what I've learned from them is just that
it's it truly behaves like a religion
like woke ism yes and this is the piece
that I was writing I think I quoted you
and Bill burr and just I was saying like
comedies last stand and about around
Chapelle and how his the his special
whether he meant to do it or not go is
like right after every single one of
their tenants you know it almost like
strategically he goes after ever and I
would say and everyone's like oh it's
reactionary its reactionary I'm like no
they're fighting they're not reacting
they're fighting back well that rotten
tomatos is the that's the battleground
right that shows you like this is the
ideological battleground right it's very
small number of woke people versus the
vast majority people that don't turn to
comedy to have reality define for them
right into it to laugh right these
people relief these people are trying to
define reality through all forms of art
and they're doing it by again trying to
get people to comply with their very
rigid terms of what you can say the way
you can think whether you're punching
down or punching up and how you treat
people and how you treat minorities and
trans people and I just get to the like
why why I mean why it's a power trip I
understand but what because I don't I
like to give people the benefit of the
doubt and so I know that they wake up
and think and that's the weird thing
about the time that we live in right now
is that literally everyone on all sides
thinks they're on the right side of
history and I and you and I were talking
about this like that before we were how
weird like Trump derangement syndrome is
where it definitely exists on the left
and there's like the craziness and the
people who literally see all day lying
there online tweeting about Trump I'm
like what how do you feed your children
there I imagine they have starving
children just waiting for like dinner
and then on the right you see it with
like he can do no wrong so it's like
these the maggot and resistant strains
of of Trump derangements and in its and
it's so it's like most people don't live
in there in either one but they seem to
have the loudest platform but that's
there you know it's in the right the
further you go left the further you're
right the conversation they get together
because they do when I was getting
attached of working at playboy you
retweeted it actually and it was why and
you had no idea but it was I wrote on
women date assholes because you're a
pussy that was like the first column and
they were testing me to do a column and
you just so happened retweeted so you
probably got me that job so thank you
and I didn't realize because I got
attacked by like all the like dudes on
the right who were like I'm kind of beta
dudes and they were like I'm not a pussy
I'm a good guy and then Austin and then
there are all the people I'm a little
left the like radical feminists and they
were like you can't you know this is
toxic masculinity and I was like exactly
the same you should date how to solve
the problem well I always think it's
hilarious when a right wing person of a
Democrat date ah how do you make that
work maybe it's just like hate fucking
yeah Pelosi
no fuck me goddamn complicated
we are very complicated so that's what
was so weird about working at playboy
was I got there right when they went not
nude like one minute it was like
McDonald's being like we're not serving
fries anymore sorry guys it's like new
coke like what yeah why would you fuck
with coke so that was a weird time and
then it was a lot of transition but just
writing for men waking up to the fact
that there was this culture war and then
writing for men at a time when it was
like anti men right I didn't realize
that it happened either I was like still
singing this is a man's world like you
my mind and then suddenly I was like oh
there's a there's a sex war going on -
whoo I got the idea behind me - like I
was also sexually abused me - I didn't
get the times up like the other thing if
time's up times up for what like what is
the time up for it's such a common
phrase like it's so weird when a guy
like I can't wait to see you and I'm
always like hashtag me - cuz now it's
become a joke yeah I know there's been
enough Asia Argento is enough you know
hypocrites enough for the crazy one but
it is important you know because I mean
circling back to what happened to me
last week and in my young like childhood
it's important that these the you know I
see that woman that I that the 19 year
old as my hero but also the culture is
more supportive of her going and saying
something and it was not 20 years ago at
all so that is progress you know that's
definitely progress yeah does that but
progress is not clean no progress comes
in these ways
knocks rocks over x over pile on and
then everybody rebuilds and then figure
out where the fuck the ocean line is now
you know the shore line moves everything
moves and that's been the weird thing is
that it's I I you know I was joking the
other day that I'm like you know
sometimes something will happen with
Trump and I'll be like all right that's
it you know like sign me up for the
resistance I'm gonna be marching in the
treats in the streets in the minute
they're like uh yeah and what's your
gender I'd be like I'm just out I'm out
hey them I have a friend whose daughters
they are they she calls herself they
well I would be you know that's the
other thing too is that you you latch on
to these things when you're a kid of
course
you're totally gonna be ripe for having
that happen to you so for sure ya know
your
have like - they them's babies they call
me baby baby it people are raising their
kids as they be I just say let them
decide what they know I don't push them
in any one way or these kids are gonna
be so fun it's like a fucking Disney
ride that was a weird thing when I was
working on the this is also another
weird moment I'm having right now
because I listen to so much of your
podcast when I was trimming weed and
anyone who's trim weed knows you do it
for like 13 hours at a clip and go crazy
and somewhere in an alternate timeline
I'm trimming weed listening to me this
was all that that whole culture and it's
so funny because the way those kids
revolt like the way they rebel all the
like hippie kids who grew up with like
their parents on acid losing them you
know festivals and shit and The Burning
Man kids like one of my friends she
joined the army I'm like yeah this is
what happens that's how they rebel the
kids they grew up with all this crazy
shit they're like yeah I'm gonna be I'm
joining the D fuckin a mom that's what
I'm doing yeah yeah if your parents are
drug addicts you become sober and a
marathon runner yeah so your kids are
gonna be leg you know it's day dad I'm
pretty good no I'm not I let them do
what they want to do I'm not like not
that rigid yeah I mean I have like rules
and stuff but there's also a lot of
communication in my house yeah yeah I
think that's I mean I know what the fuck
happened when I was a kid dry real hard
to not make any of that happen to them
yeah yeah
were you like come from a crazy
upbringing
it was crazy wasn't bad they're nice but
they were distant absolutely was born
absent but they were working yeah a
latchkey kid when I was a kid my parents
have worked all the day yeah you know
and then when they got home I was going
into martial arts yes
never Roma at least you had martial arts
that you probably would have been a
freaking hooligan oh my god that saved
me from the time I was 14
till the time I stopped fighting that
saved me Wow because that gave me
structure yeah yeah no structure and it
teaches yourself self-discipline yeah it
teaches you to respect the whole idea of
discipline that's what I love about
Jacko the whole discipline equals
freedom discipline egos freedom is
fucking all where do you see the post my
wife put up a post of marshal with a
watch on I love it he's so inspiring you
know that way like is that blood or is
it sweat sweat with Joe he's a fucking
Savage he's like jungle really does get
up every fucking morning at 4:30 and
works out like a beast but I think there
are some men where like they should you
know well we should be there just like
born warriors and in this society where
there's not really it's so kind of easy
and it's not like there it's what do you
do and as we were talking about I think
a lot of that energy of like the
negativity I always say to people online
and my goal build something because I
know from my own experience that if I'm
if I'm not using that energy creatively
I'll self-destruct right it's like it
goes inward or I'll project it outward
and I'll tear people down or whatever
because that's what you see yes make
something acting all the time
well discipline is a very important part
of being a healthy person and and for
men I think there's a certain amount of
energy that you must expand you must see
and you must you must blow it out of
your system
yeah and this is actually why I'm very
grateful and again for you and your
platform because I know from writing for
Playboy I would hear I would say hey
guys what do you think about going bald
and I would get these like long letters
from men who had never
asked like hey how are you doing dude
and they would tell me these stories are
like what it was like to lose their hair
what it's like for to have Edie or
whatever and it there was not really a
space for in in this culture or there's
not the the male magazines have been
kind of taken over by the there's not
really a space for men to just be men
noise spaces podcasts it is and you get
but you give these guys a voice and for
all the shit you get you I feel like you
use it responsibly for them you could be
up here being like go cuz a lot of chaos
guys and let go get whatever and you're
trying to you know better yourself and
therefore help other people to matter
themselves and ask questions and like
it's not like you're up here you could
be doing a lot of bad shit with us
you'll be wielding this weapon like you
know you could run for president let's
do it but yeah I think that there's very
few legitimate outlets for men because
everyone has to be you have to go
through the filter of executives and
producers and all that if you're gonna
put something out there like some sort
of an entertainment product it has to be
filtered by the network it has to be
filtered by all these other voices and
if they want to keep their fucking job
they're not gonna let you just be
yourself right there's no way they're
gonna try to mold you sir what about the
diversity what you need is a girl
sidekick to balance you out because
everything you're doing is so masculine
and people gonna be really turned off by
it and what about girl voices you know I
can't believe you two guys are on there
and you know you're talking about gay
rights and there's no gay people in the
room you need a gay person and then
actually you know fucking this woke
round table
it's a goddamn disaster and Men again
they don't look I have no problem with
anybody saying like you can if you have
a podcast and you're a guy you just love
taking in the ass go do a podcast called
take it in the accent have a good time
yeah that's you but and if there's no
one filtering you and no one's stopping
you you can really accurately reflect
who you are you can act accurately
project who you are yeah but if you're a
man just a regular man who likes manly
shit do you like do you like hot rod
do you like fights do you like tits do
ya you're a piece of shit yeah and in
this day and age if you have that these
these normal male desires yeah fucking
every male has everyone yeah
the gate called toxic manic masculinity
when every man has it there's no outlet
yeah yeah cuz everyone has to the
everything has to be filtered through an
executive or a director and then what
shadow does that create so every time
you know what you resist persists what
you repress creates a dark shadow so
when you're taking all of this masculine
energy and you're constantly beating men
over the head with how bad they are it's
not going anywhere now it's just going
underground and it's gonna leak out and
weird fucking ways because they're not
allowed to express themselves and the
problem I see this all the time is like
oh toxic masculinity toxic masculinity
let men be men let men share their
feelings and then it's like they do and
they like shut the fuck up they want men
to change they want men to adjust and
they want men to look you can be a
really good person and also be a man
yeah I'm manly man yeah and I don't
think that you can they think that you
have to evolve and change because the
men that are a part of that are all
pussies and there's a lot of those guys
out there there's a lot of those that
don't like manly men and they want to
think there's something wrong with
someone like Jocko there's something
wrong with a guy who likes hot rods and
Ted's and there's nothing wrong with a
guy who's not a manly man either like
there's nothing wrong with that
but they're competing right right male
feminist is competing I saw somebody
with like a sis header Bubba and I was
like oh you're awoke dude trying to get
laid it's like whenever I see that in my
head around normative I'm like okay so
you're just the that's all they have but
they have to do that like I had a bit
that I was doing about male feminist or
oh they don't exist
find me a male feminist that can pick up
heavy shit and run fast they're not real
they're not real
you know Serena's people have been to me
online other than like in cells and
radical feminists blue checked liberal
dudes like some of the like the like
allies there are the people who have
come the hardest at me and then the most
cruel to me
about what they're just always on my
nuts about you oh that's that's exactly
what it's like what are they getting
after you about um what was the last one
you know I think I said something about
it like tulsi big you know how they're
like ah she's a foreign ass and
everybody's like you're a fucking idiot
and and they they just as I kind of
started just speaking my mind and the
weird fucking hard thing about being a
feisty comedian and somebody that
sometimes writes more serious pieces is
that I get to I I don't mean to but I
danced that line of like it kind of
cracks me up when people get all
outraged it kind of makes me laugh I
can't help the comic in me is like
that's my I'm supposed to be pushing the
envelope and buttons and I you know the
free speech stuff I will die on that
hill that is literally a hell I will die
on that's the old a dime and that is
when I say when I see these like the the
sides going I'm like okay yeah we got to
push against some of the corruption and
this is getting mad over here and then
I'm like whoa okay this is a Thorat
Aryan and insane and you can't say
anything and he's so many of these woke
left dudes are mush they're mushy
they're made out of mush like come run a
hill you're made out of mush do a
deadlift that was I remain out of mush
those are my favorite Bilborough jeans
ever of the guy screaming on the plane
where he's like and he's like that is
the screen which come from a woman or a
child he's like no grown man should ever
have that coming out and he's like
that's like if the and he was talking
about how animals would be like stay
away from that one Lindsay because it is
I don't I don't think I was thinking
about it I'm like I don't think I've
ever dated a liberals
because they're there I don't know I
don't think so
I don't not in them not recently because
I like my man masculine which you could
be masculine and also be liberal I'm
pretty liberal yeah yeah I know you are
I know I I'm not saying that I you can
be masculine and liberal i I just
doesn't happen that often I think
they're all taken would you like
snatched up pretty quick by the liberal
women are like I see what he's the
Unicorn
it's well and I think too we come from a
different generation so that it's more
of a struggle maybe now than it was like
back when oh yeah I think there's
something wrong with it now which is not
good so crazy no no it's it's and I
think most women many women I am feisty
and opinionated like I can't have a guy
who's not gonna put me in my place as
much I can't have a man who's gonna just
let me walk all over them because I will
yeah it's normal it's natural and no one
wants that well I think there's a
natural inclination that certain women
have with weak men to push them around
it's normal I think you you're you're
testing the boundaries of what you can
get away with and not get away with
communicating with each other well and
it's also the whole like concept of nice
guy it's like well you're not a nice guy
you just were trying to backdoor your
way into dating me by being a friend and
it's manipulative George Peterson talks
about that Jordan Peterson says that you
you don't want to be a nice guy you want
to be a dangerous person it's nice a
dangerously nice very not a dangerous
person who is nice but just being a nice
person all the time like you're you have
to be nice
well you're nice because you have no
choice a Dane you want to be a dangerous
person who chooses to be nice there's a
big difference that's interesting
because you have a choice to be nice or
to not be nice and I want a dangerous
person
when this shit hits the fan yeah
everybody I don't want son everybody
does what a dangerous woman - yeah yeah
you want someone who can figure it out
yeah you know what mush my people are
made at a mushy
that we're making more mush yeah if
there's anything I think in this life
that is unfuckin bendable is that we are
making more mush and how do we how do
you think that we hopefully and that you
know I find that I do what I did as a
child which is shame the mush went
through a whole fucking litany of
chaotic events that shaped you and you
had terrible things happen you when you
learn from them and then you became who
you are but I don't want it don't have
to do with them no but my point is using
how to how do i how do you inspire
people who might be attracted by this
kind of you you know the reason I
started my podcast is just so that
people could tell stories of grit and
resilience because I find that what
happens is we'll start talking about the
victimhood culture but then it sounds
like we're victims right and I don't
want to do that either I want to build
something written resilience but how do
you you know I worry that these young
minds are being indoctrinated and this
is what I always ask them like the women
in particular with like
intersectionality which seems like this
race I'm like play the tape forward for
me where does this lead how does this
lead to self-esteem how does this lead
to feelings of empowerment I mean my
therapist and I talk about this all the
time how hard she's having how hard a
time she's having with the younger women
because they're all coming in with this
sense of Perpetual victimhood of
everywhere you go like that it's the
patriarchy and it's everything is
depressing you and and how the whole
idea of therapy is to get you out of
feeling those you know going from maybe
being victimized feeling like a victim
to taking that and and being more
empowered I don't exactly know what you
could say to young women because I've
never gone through that experience but
for sure for young men they need
something that's difficult yeah
young men need difficult things in their
life like like those out they need
country waters or whatever that doesn't
thing anything up for me I always tell
them jujitsu involved in jujitsu so cuz
I don't
getting involved in martial martial arts
that involves striking is fucking
dangerous brain damage is for keeps
right that shit for the rest of your
life that's why I'm so adamant about
trying to get fighters to quit when I
think they should quit you know and when
when they've hit this wall and they come
to me for advice and it's happened many
times I'm like you got to stop you got
to stop
there's no offense or buttons don't look
for that fucking pot of gold at the end
of the rainbow because you already been
knocked out four or five times you got
to stop yeah is if you don't stop you're
gonna be a 60 year old person that
shit's their pants yeah yeah your wife's
gonna have to walk you to the car and
you're not gonna know where you are in a
supermarket you're gonna get lost like
you this is what happens this is real so
striking striking arts they're very
dangerous I think you got to know when
to get off that fucking boat you gotta
know grappling is a different animal
yeah Appling you could teach people
jujitsu and I went to jiu-jitsu with a
guy was fucking 62 years old yeah 62
years old this guy I was like how old he
meant like sixty to Mike holy shit
purple belt yeah 62 going after it yeah
trying hard training his black belt I'm
like good for you man like it was a
fucking cool conversation that to me is
something that I would encourage young
men to do because it's really difficult
and in the beginning you feel hopeless
and then as you get better at it you
learn oh my god with hard work and
discipline and I just fucking keep
showing up just keep showing up and
figuring it out I can get better at
something it's a very difficult thing I
can use that as a vehicle for developing
my human potential and also I realize
that I can overcome struggle right I
could overcome these things I can
overcome and I can get better and then
also the exertion of energy the just
going out there and fucking exhausting
yourself you're more calm and peaceful
and then there's other thing about
jujitsu is your constant physical
contact yeah people need hugs sounds but
many even hugging each other it sounds
like maybe gay or something I don't care
but it's good it feels good even though
you try to kill each other
it's connection yeah connection is
important and you need to other hood
there's something about that camaraderie
that you have to have reassess in
jiu-jitsu that's unlike any other Kumari
ya experience because you not you don't
have there's a certain resentment from
striking like if a guy beats my ass if I
go spar with some guy he beats my ass
next time I see him like I'm gonna fuck
this dude up I'm like um I don't like
him that much
he hurt me yeah yeah yeah like I went
home I have a headache cuz I gotta hit
me with a punch yeah so I'm thinking I'm
gonna fuck him up and like this is like
what men do like inspiring and sparring
oftentimes what turns into fights
jujitsu like you could choke me an
armbar we could choke each other and
then afterwards it's all love
clap hands and thanks man and people
tell you how how they caught you or they
tell you you know I almost tapped there
and we'll laugh about it like I wanna
there's a really great class that I've
been wanting to take and it's a Gracie
and it's women's empowerment but it's
all just like self-defense the one in
Beverly Hills
okay but it's an amazing class I like
sat in on it because I like it as a
woman it feels like the most realistic
you know I feel like I can actually use
it and it sure just is the most
realistic for women just to get away you
know just in any event yeah did you find
yourself just to get away I'm not gonna
sit there and fight I but just give
myself that window of an opportunity
that I might you know just a chance
the fighting chance cuz otherwise yeah
no well Jiu Jitsu is also something that
someone who's a weaker person can
effectively utilize on someone who's
stronger right right so technique based
yeah I think that that is you know one
of the things I've learned from all the
men who were writing into me a Playboy
is I'm Jordan Pederson has something
that really speaks to these guys and you
know I've seen him get a lot of crap but
like he has saved so many men that I
know I mean these guys have written me
letters like telling me it's so much and
I'm not sure really what it is about his
program or whatever whatever it is that
he's saying his message well he's
concentrating on young men meaning he
has he's resonating with young men
because of the discipline what is those
what is
primary he always talks about cleaning
your room what clean right make you bet
messy mind messy clatter run cut away
yeah the same thing he's essentially
saying clean your room yeah I mean
there's there's so much to what he's
saying that expands far beyond that as
well and you know his movies are get he
says this is a documentary about him
right now the rise of Jordan Peterson is
getting censored well these people are
protesting it being in these theaters
they don't know they think they're
supposed to censor him they think he's
transphobic and homophobic and all these
different things but he's helped so many
people but you know his origin do you
know what happened in Toronto
no okay there was there was a bill that
was being passed was gonna force you to
use one of you know there's the this
gender pronoun bill like say if you
wanted to use one of the 78 different
gender pronouns you would be obligated
like legally obligated to use them he
was protesting against that it's like
you're using compelled speech speech
they didn't want to repeat it wasn't
that he didn't want to use their
preferred pronoun it was that he didn't
want to be compelled to use oh you
didn't want to use made-up words either
right because there's these are gyms all
these different crazy made-up words yeah
like like you you want to be Ave you
want to be a he or she like like what
are we doing here yeah and what are you
okay if you you want me to call Bruce
Jenner Caitlyn Jenner okay I'll call
okay thank you only seeds or her okay
I'll say it's alright I don't care I
don't go but you want to start making up
words and that's where he's like no and
you want to and you want to call me at
help and you want to call me a bigot for
not letting my kid get hormones like
this is where this is where or the
sports thing I get very like that's
insane it's insane there's there's a
bunch of different schools that are
letting kids compete in the gender that
they identify with and those in those
places those those women's track events
are fucking dominated by men dominated
they're breaking World Records was that
woman's name Rachel McKinnon she just
broke the world's record for the cycling
event and she used to be a man I mean
all the anything like you're a bigot if
you don't agree with this now you broke
the
record how'd that happen what is
happening here what's happening here is
you're a guy this is really want a gun
this is when I feel like I'm in a
simulation and and there's somebody
who's like let's see how many people we
can get to like get on board with this
shit right and then and I or I'm like
maybe I'm just old maybe ya know what's
getting at what's happening is women are
getting fucked over that's why this is
the most crazy I get called a turf a lot
but they're in the middle of this
ideological battle and women are losing
scholarships they're losing their
ability to compete with people of their
own gender
this is or their own sex their own
whatever you want to call it whatever
their chromosomes when you start adding
trans men and trans women into the mix
you're gonna get two things depending
upon the sport the trans man are gonna
get fucking smoked period when Trant
when women transition to men and they
want to be a man and compete with men
they're gonna get fucked up in almost
every sport particularly fighting it is
funny how much it's gotten men talking
about periods like you know I'll see men
defending like a woman's right to talk
about her period I'm like yes that's
right now you're a feminist what man has
ever had a problem with women talking
about their barriers no no I know but so
there's they exist they guess they're
squeamish that is so mushy
that's mushy man guys are scared of
pussy blood you're not scared of a
bloody steak but you're scared of Aegina
below
yeah there's today art school there are
guys who are squeamish about it and
there's another one yeah there's a it is
it does feel oh banana I read something
somewhere where it said you know that
there was gender like stereotypes were
being determined by biology and now
we're using biology now we're using
gender to determine biology as so
biology determined gender stereotypes
the male and the female whatever and
there was a reaction to that and now
it's a reaction to it they're using
gender to determine biology and how it's
get it yeah it's like it's so maybe is
this just a bra
spectrum of people and there's low
testosterone males there's hottest
rafino and that should be okay we should
be allowed to be whatever the fuck we
want and then but the thing is that the
low testosterone man can't compete the
high testosterone males and the high
testosterone females can't compete with
a high estrogen females and there's like
if you want a Barbie doll and you're
built like the Hulk like you know I mean
like if you're if you wanna be Barbie
but instead you're you're built like Tom
Arnold I know it's yeah yeah Ian's
always wears vests just type lesbian the
wears those Patagonia vests everywhere
right I have a Subaru my brother's like
come out come I those thick ones with a
wide waist just I get called an alpha
wet all the time that's what the in
sales company alpha Widow it's a term a
widow yeah you google it and everything
it's like a woman who chases after alpha
males but they're not interested in like
wiping me up and so I end up a widow
that doesn't make any sense but what I
was gonna say is it like it's like that
realistic body types yeah yeah like this
is a thing that gets brought up all the
time okay maybe but they've even had
these promos and these advertisements
taken down particularly in the UK there
was a big story about that because they
were promoting unrealistic body types
okay
one of those guys try to do that to one
of those Vox guys was trying to no it's
not I'm trying to like say don't follow
these gate is it he's a gay guy you're
saying don't follow these gay Instagram
thirst pages because they're promoting
an unrealistic body type and I'm fucking
gay guys just attacked the power we had
a shot as his fucking Instagram down for
a while because guys don't play with
that shit they don't like that
unrealistic body type you could pull it
off on some women though yeah it's
unrealistic cake yeah but it's not
unrealistic
that's a real woman oh yeah it's just
not your body or it's not typical well
look if you're a fucking a person i'm
5-8 if I look at a LeBron James 7-foot
tall man well that's an unrealistic body
type no it's realistic yeah play a bass
professionally he's a real person yeah
fucking hard is that unrealistic
it's just unachievable for me that's
just this is what it is right that's
what that's what you got that's the
fucking hand you got yes nothing to do
with realistic or unrealistic if you see
a girl and she's got a tiny waist and a
big ass and big tits she's just got that
Jennifer Lopez Jean fuck yeah that's
just her she got lucky you didn't get
that lucky that is realistic yeah now if
they're using that to sell fucking Fanta
or Adidas shoes or whatever the fuck it
is so what if you're saying well all
these girls feel terrible because that's
unrealistic that's life that is that is
life yeah that again we come back we
come back to why are we responsible for
everyone's feelings get get off the
fucking couch and go do something about
it if you don't if you don't want to if
you don't want to feel sad no one cares
about the fat dudes fat dude fuck off no
one cares no one feels bad about fat
dude well they get away with the whole
dad bod thing which I wrote a whole
piece about got like buds that bod dad
bod isn't an excuse to be lazy though I
know some guys do will lean really into
that but like it's a dad but I'm like
they're like they like it yeah they kind
of get away with it cuz it's like you
know guys get like cute adorable little
dad bod and women get like Fupa I don't
think so though no girl wants a dad bod
do you think the only reason why a woman
dad Baz because they know that the guy
has like glass options he's more likely
to stick around alright okay that's good
dad wise like where you going bitch
sorry I'm gonna fuck you they're not
either one but I mean look I'm sure some
women like guys they like yeah yes and I
think some women like more like girth
and me like a little bit of weight yeah
yeah some girls like big thick women too
everybody's different everybody I just
think that if you like somebody that's
here to your point is that it's fine
whatever you like whatever your type is
if you're into like a big dude if you're
at whatever but the people who like
people who are fit are somehow now beans
shake only thing that's changed is
people's ability to express themselves
online through
social media that's the only thing
that's changed and because of that
people are yelling about things that
don't that that they can't do do you get
fit shame odd you called a meathead
I guess that's fit change yeah yeah
discharged yeah I don't care but you if
you're ashamed me for being in shape
like congratulations okay I don't care
it doesn't work yeah what do you feel
great get your summation thank you for
being successful oh you got me sorry
sorry I figured out a lot of shit it's
such a weird this is the weird the weird
world is that it feels like we're
raising the you know where the bar is
and it's being lowered and lowered and
lowered and so instead of raising our
standards and trying to everybody lift
each other up it's more just like a very
small majority that's like calm down but
again it's a tiny amount of but we've
been talking about it it has an outsized
influence well it has people reacting to
it they're bending towards it but I
think it's it's temporary
you think it's gonna like eat its own
tail like that was never be woken up
yeah each other they turn on each other
this I don't think it's real I don't
think it's real yeah look they're
certain but as the people always are
gonna like and there's certain things
that men are gonna like a certain things
that women are gonna like it's just it's
just the way it is I do think it gets
sorted pretty quickly like in in in
natural disasters you know I always say
this I'm like you call yourself whatever
you want and the other interesting thing
is you know your computer knows better
than you whatever you're saying online
yeah they've done studies and it's like
it doesn't matter what you're saying
online your search engine knows what
gender you are essentially yeah I mean
it can generally tell like probably with
a large accuracy search results it would
be fucking super obviously but I think
that we just live in this really
confusing moment in history
so I guess my fear is that the
they're the the youth are in ingesting
all this kind of confusing for them yeah
it is it is but it's also there's look
as much as I like to make fun of wool
culture the good thing about it is is
making people more sensitive high grades
making people nicer
yeah but not not necessarily nicer
because so many people that were broke
are using that as an excuse to be a
fucking asshole to people right to force
compliance and be an asshole but because
of that because of that it's again it's
like the timeout and it's it's gonna
find its healthy level yeah Gen Z is
amazing I have nephews Origen's E and
they're so funny note the other than ooh
they're like they're basically like 19
and below so and they're just so um I
don't know they're just funny like my
you know three years ago my nephew
they're they've already taken all this
kind of woke language and they've they
metabolized that yeah they're like
they're like dude mom she was so
triggered and they didn't mean it like
she was she was like getting bullied or
anything she it was like a girl who got
a bad grade and they were already using
the language yeah they're already taking
it and memeing it know why podcasts yeah
yeah they listen to podcasts oh man you
listen to it all the time and there's a
huge small ben shapiro cult of like 12
to 14 year old boys it's no joke no it's
really funny the moms who hate him well
that's why yeah i mean all my friends i
have a lot of female friends on like the
west side and they are all super live
you know like cried for three days acted
like it was 9/11 I'm like dude boy after
Trump with the glasses
oh yeah watch every week it's very very
tell me that lady didn't know her
cameras on her
no but that's he fucking knew yes that's
half the reason why she was doing it
this book meet you have to read the book
mediated it's my Bible for this time and
I read it in 2006 Thomas stayed Xango
tisha it's he wrote about it's
essentially like how the how we're all
self reflexive and he talks about this
how everyone and when everything is
mediated everyone
knows they're wrong they know what part
they're playing this book is amazing is
he shapes the world and the way you but
he calls out oh he has a chapter on
identity politics right and it's like he
called out all of this he was explaining
all this post-modernism before Jordan
Peterson and all of the critical theory
all of the people there and he's a
brilliant writer 2006 it came out it's
so good and I just end since six isn't
it crazy when someone catches shit like
as it's happening
catch the smell in the air no I know
yeah yeah he called it and I've I I
probably reference this book on every
talk I have because he talks about
exactly this when Princess Diana died he
said you know everyone knew their roles
it was and he was talking about how like
the Monica Lewinsky thing is so
interesting because she was like and her
TED talk she talks about this how she
was patient zero for online mobbing show
it was like the first news story for the
24-hour news cycle and really the first
person who got like mugged by by
everybody have you ever read Jon
Ronson's book so yeah I love him yeah
that's great
that book is amazing and I remember cuz
I got on Twitter right when the Justine
Sacco thing happened and I was like this
is bad what are you guys doing I didn't
know what was happening I was like this
is not good you guys
story of your life is like walking into
a fucking gang fight hey hey put the
bottles down I know it's true every time
I go on one of these things are like I
do I know if you're like I literally
tweeted my ass into the Senate and
culture wars
I don't like wait what happened not
writing about it oh my god and then it
is such weird times because in so many
ways I mean I went to the sex robot
Factory and I just wrote about this for
a column is coming out and it was like
that whole uncanny valley you know that
you know I felt like I was like walking
in and out of it through the whole it
was a place for me yeah seeing hers yeah
and he was
hers done yeah and it was such a weird
it was like it was so you know how
they're making them like war I'm like as
soon as these things can make sandwiches
like we're fucked that's gonna help
women are done we're gonna be toast
who's next machina yes she's hot even
though you can see through her skin into
her robot minds she's still hot yeah
like that that whole Turing test that's
going to happen like people are going to
not be able to distinguish whether or
not something is a robot or a person
it's gonna happen and then they're so
funny because I in the piece I was
writing I'm like it's so weird because
they're all so optimistic and they're
like no it's for the guys who are lonely
and it's like that opening scene in
Jurassic Park where you're like what
could possibly go wrong
I wrote something a long time ago where
I was making fun of people who had real
dolls and this guy wrote to me and it
made me feel bad did he lose his wife oh
no no no he was just like horribly
scarred from acne never girl and you
know he just had just a shit roll the
dice yeah yeah and you know he was
talking because I'll you know I'd be
happy to talk to you about like
sometimes and you know you make fun of
something and then someone reaches out
to you and they're now you're a human
that your community came yeah yeah oh
this isn't fun anymore
well that was what Wendy was saying you
know she's like she was saying that she
wanted to kind of think they were all
creeps and then she went on there on
their message boards and they were all
like really lovely guys who took really
good care of their dolls and and I think
that again there's you know
relationships and human sexuality are
complicated but when I was asking the
guy in charge of AI because what creeped
me out more than even the dolls hanging
from the meat hooks like all that shit
was that they're so with the app you
know how you just I'm sure she explained
it how it works where it's like now
they're getting into did you see the
movie her yes okay so it's that's really
what they're focusing on so that it's
essentially like if you had the app and
then you left to go to the podcast
because it's in your schedule then the
robot would be like see you soon Joe
miss yeah and it would send a
and so now you have this relationship
and really the doll is just the physical
form of this persona that you have a
relationship with in the cloud and I was
like okay so bad how can we stop we
don't have to say but can you guys talk
for a second sure talk to me real quick
I said two podcasts are very real bad
I'll be right back yeah it's jump in a
restaurant talk we're gonna talk about
restaurants yeah I could get it I have
these when did you go to the sex doll
factory like last month oh really yeah
okay the pieces in um it's coming out
soon actually it's an Spectator it has a
it was it's like the oldest magazine in
the UK and they are lot they launched a
United States version and so they have
one and then the the next column I wrote
for them is about that it's like that
called the uncanny valley of the dolls
they show you any new anything new
they're working on I mean it's all the
same and it seems pretty they not you
know they have like the self-lubricating
ones coming and like the the ones that
heat up and it's more of the technology
that they're trying to make more
interactive so it's the actual AI that's
really interesting and then I think they
want to move towards like getting
cameras in the eyes and it was so funny
because the AI guys are so funny guys
who deal with but they're just a
different breed and he was like I was on
a jury and I was thinking this would be
the perfect place to have a sex doll
with a camera on the eye corner with
that with the cameras in the eyes I
think of a quick question I wonder like
is there any women that are working
there is it all guys no no and that's
what we're so interesting is that and I
talked about this in the piece I'm like
there's my perception which is that I'm
going to this huge warehouse and it's
like all these kind of sketchy dudes and
it's like a dystopian kind of creep show
and then I get there and it's mostly
just artists and when
and people who are you know like
character design and they're truly
artists or like all these you walk in
and it looks like a fucking tattoo
parlor and so your other than like the
different sets of lips and nipples on
the wall you would think you were
walking into like a tattoo product so
it's so chill and then and yeah you kind
of go in and out of it being like that
when you hear the stories of the people
who laughs their wife or somebody who
had acne you I see that how this is
useful and and maybe like people just
want to hold like you said they want to
hold something incremental steps to
reality reality is going to be either
virtual or you're going to have a
combination of virtual and augmented and
you're going to probably be overtaken by
robots I think that fucking Unabomber
guy was right yeah Ted Kaczynski you
know that guy fucking cooked his brain
what did he say
well he thought that technology was
gonna take over the human race that's
why I was killing all those people that
were involved in technology I have a
theory that with the escalation of our
like climate you know whatever that and
I heard this panel back in 2000 it was
like I remember being it was all about
the nature of the soul and is the soul
essentially and human consciousness
essentially going to jump elements from
carbon to silicon in order to survive
the wasteland that we're gonna leave
there's something gonna happen and I
think Trump was on extra adderall when
he's like I know what to do I'm gonna
buy Greenland I think he was onto
something I think that was like probably
the best fucking idea that he ever had I
wish people got more excited about it
because he came up with it and like it
was dismissed and it was in and out of
the news cycle in like four or five days
green land was like fuck you he's like
alright but I mean I don't know you
could buy a green land but if you could
and that was like America Northeast like
where is green land on the map Northwest
northeast way northeast right yeah so if
he was like that's American northeast
just like a last kinda why
we got a new one that's a fucking great
idea cuz when shit gets really warm and
people start moving there and like guys
this is the shape it's fuckin 70 degrees
yeah you can defend it I mean how big is
Greenland how huge big enough for all of
us
could it be American northeast really
really let's rap active put on the
screen the size of Greenland in the US
yeah let's what do you think never mind
continental US are we including Alaska
Alaska makes its way or yes alaska's and
nor but nobody lives there like three
people live in Alaska sorry Alaska we
love it yeah I was way bigger
Alaska's Bear they are barely Americans
they're awesome don't get me wrong I
mean they live in paradise that's like
true size is what it says mm-hmm
but holy shit it's huge yeah I know but
when you drop it there it fits right in
the middle so yeah but that's bigger
than Texas yeah dude Texas could fit
everyone in America Wow look at the size
up there yes
Texas assume people don't realize how
big Australia's Australia's pretty big
it's as big as the contiguous United
States hmm but there's only as many
people as less less than as many people
as Los Angeles and look at this one
right look at the perspective oh shit
well how does it look
isn't that crazy when you see the actual
position it looks way bigger the United
States sometimes but then when you oh
that's because of like taking a round
thing yeah yeah that's so stupid I don't
know what to do that really gave all the
evidence the really crazy thing is the
oh okay that's yeah the really crazy
thing is how many things fit in Africa
everything fits in Africa ah almost
every continent almost every country in
the man no but if you look at like how
many countries fit in
of Africa because you see Africa you go
oh yeah the South America there's Africa
okay about the same yeah it looks the
same but then when you see like
superimposed all of the United States
Europe Asia China okay fucking
everything look that's Africa uh-huh
look at all that shit wow I didn't
realize that no it's nuts
India fits in there everything fits in
oh my god dude like the whole France
look at that
Spain wow I really Berlin
Switzerland so tiny Italy Switzerland
even on there cuz they make good make
army knives Wow I didn't matter I didn't
realize that
China China China China it's crazy how
big Africa is I've never been I want you
at all have you been to India no why are
you scared malaria kills people kills
more people than anybody my dad got
malaria when he was there woah he's
alive Allah is he yeah are you sure my
friend Justin who he runs fight for the
Forgotten charity building wells for the
pygmies he's gotten at three times oh
yeah three times
malaria yeah did he have to take the
pills that made him crazy he took the
pills and it made him crazy for sure but
he got malaria and then if he gets
really sick he can get malaria again
yeah they've come a long way though cuz
the old school pills made you like crazy
yeah the ones the soldiers had to take
they're all like psychotic Dave Foley
from Newsradio I had to keep him from
assaulting a reporter once he was drunk
a malaria he was drunk and he'd take
malaria man yeah yeah and some he took
the reporters microphone or it took his
tape recorder and shoved it in his drink
and I was like Dave act no never last
time I acted was in a Kevin James movie
oh okay cuz he's a buddy of mine you
just don't want to do it no oh no desire
I guess I have been to Africa because
Egypt
yeah Egypt yeah Egypt yeah I've been
that's why got this ring oh it was
amazing you get it from a tomb and is it
kid is that I love that part no um it
was it was one of my favorite trips an
insane science museum had
insane exhibit on on Tutankhamun I went
mommies twice yeah I'm obsessed fucking
incredible I was I was really obsessed
with Egypt from a very young age just my
naturally do you believe in past lives
how do you feel don't not believe that's
how I feel yeah I just what I think you
know how people are you know like some
people have arachnophobia this unusual
fear of spiders I think that probably
comes from someone in your ancestry
getting bitten by a spider oh that's
interesting look people have instincts
right and I like Marshall okay Marshall
has been live he's pretty lovable the
best he doesn't seem too fierce he's not
fierce at all sweetheart but he has
instincts right like he lifts up his leg
and pees on things right
he smells where other dogs at Pete and
he pees or two I didn't teach him how to
do that no when he was a puppy but when
I got him when he was six weeks old he
would just pee all over the place didn't
tell me how to pee we squat down in pee
but then as he got older he has
instincts like some in inherent memory
in his genes I want to know how they
decided where to poop if I find out one
thing before I die like if I get to
choose one thing I'm like how does my
dog make this decision
I mean I know it's instinct but what
someone's what if she's a terminating
that's not true I've I've I've kept
track
I have lists of every direction hope is
pooping in well when I run with Marshall
he generally poops in the same area like
within like a hundred yards like
wherever we run like there's this area
that we come we come down off of this
hill he's like there's a good spot take
a shit yeah and then he drops a log
right there I just want to know is it
like territorial is there some dog that
has some food that she's like out
fooding where she's like my foods better
there's definitely some sort of
territorial thing too because they were
they'll roll in shit - my dad doesn't
she's not she won't even step in it
she's like very prissy about that stuff
Marshall has rolled in other dog shit
she doesn't want to eat it she's not one
of those dogs
uh-uh she's like she's she's very
particular and she always has to go to
the edge of the it's weird she always
goes to the edge of the curb like her
the you know in between the
like in whatever spot but she it's not
the same spot every time she and she's
very picky it's like okay if I can pick
a spot I want to know and my whole thing
about past lives is I'm like well until
you can tell me they definitively aren't
true I'm gonna believe they are I think
it's gonna get out is that there's a
memory that's passed down through your
jeans and I think desires in Egyptian
there's well there's probably some weird
fucking memory that all of us have from
all the different ancestors that we
share DNA with it only makes sense isn't
it funny how everyone always thinks
they're gonna be like the king or the
queen and it's like no you're so you
were this played one I was a fucking
starving slave for like ten thousand
generations I know it I was a nobleman
no you are moving across a great land
that's like guys I wrote about um I
write a lot about when I was a Playboy I
wrote about like I had this experience
so I was like the second wife I wasn't a
wife but I was a second in an open
marriage and all the guys think they're
gonna be that guy and it's like the I
was reading this book and I forget which
book it was or something and said
actually that men who had multiple wives
and women had to start like not hogging
all the women because it was causing so
much strife within the like tribes yeah
Jordan Peterson talks about that too
that that's one of the problem with in
cells is that there's the men like the
alpha man like Jason Momoa of the world
they have you know if they wanted to we
could have a gang of women yeah other
guys be like yeah but I kinda honestly I
kind of liked this situation the guy was
so alpha and it almost took two women to
like balance them out and from my
perspective I was like I want a wife I
mean as a as a wife would want a wife
too I would want someone else like we it
was so like we did the gardening and
legs sure this work outfit it didn't
work out for that long like a couple
months no no
is it was a while did you see the king
of Thailand like formally got rid of his
concubine what he caught he like royal
mistress royal mistress
yeah concubine would be a whore border
yes old school old school the same thing
I think I'm not sure well thank you bye
Anne has a flair this royal mistress
that was actually like she had rank in
the military oh yeah and she apparently
disrespected the Queen see you how to
shut her down and he had to strip her of
her power oh and I was Roberto yeah I
was like piss on her what's happening
when you go to time you cannot talk shit
ever there it is there's the for King I
don't know how to say his name
oh my god corn comes no responsibility
at all well so he has this was that his
wife let me see that
what is the article the king of Thailand
how to say that peremptorily
I've never seen that word ever have you
ever seen that word you're a writer no I
don't peremptorily
Ram totally as that just misses his
official mistress I've known that she
was talking to you about the wife she
disrespected the wife
kick rocks bitch what does it mean I
don't know
look at her name well now I have to I'm
gonna be I look up every word I don't
know this ingratitude misbehavior and
disloyalty
these were among the failings of try
saying her name
si an EE and a t seen Sydney at and
here's the big one wo n GV a G I r AP
Wow d I I don't even try that one long
detailed in a scathing royal statement
on October 21st
apparently the mistress she wants to
elevate herself to the same state as the
Queen of course yeah that was ultimately
why it didn't work out really well
number one I didn't want to be number
one because that has a lot more
responsibility and I'm not really that
type a but I didn't feel like I felt
like everyone's needs were being I was
like hey are you okay are you okay no I
was like
Brigit okay so I felt like that my my
needs were the ones that got pushed
aside pushed aside yeah well you can
call that bitch
we can start a little meeting you and
that whatever name it was really just
one of those things I'm such a writer
and so curious but on this
she was just made that position in July
it was the first time it was done in
over a century um so she lost it very
quickly that's really fast she basically
was like yo I want to be number one
after like a month all right that's a
little entitled she gave it a shot
calm down what do you think that I state
herself before the king and queen former
flight attendant who he married in may
know the Queen's a former flight
attendant do you know that in my friends
a flight attendant she was timing me
because they don't have unions and all
my friends from around the world always
like why are all the all the old ladies
up in first class because in over in
like all the Asian airlines are pretty
much done at age 30 my friend works at
United she's like you're done at 30 if
you're you're because you're you're it's
a young people it's like they want young
good-looking women to fire you
I mean they don't have unions so they
have an America right yeah we have them
oh yeah yeah we have that's why like all
the ladies are my friends from around
the world are like I don't understand
that's where like the hottest people
should be well that used to be what a
flight attendants were they were almost
like cocktail waitresses and like bottle
service it's a hard job my best friend I
mean their schedule is insane I could
never do it and just the way they get
treated they're punching bags and
they're first responders most people
don't understand that they're also
well-trained and they're the ones that
if shit goes down they're the first
responders and then they have to call on
hope a doctors on the plane it's crazy I
mean the stuff she's told me where she's
like had to you know two old ladies
fighting over she's like ladies I'm
embarrassed free like this is like
they're a waitress who tells you what to
do yeah their waitress it tells you how
to see
sit down and buckle yourself in that
your stand up thats in your vette where
you target that's hilarious I was
laughing so hard so that I remember
getting so high and actually I hated
airports when I was high I was always
like okay cuz I get anxious around
security I'm the girl that could never
be a drug mule like I look guilty I look
guilty if I didn't do anything
babe I get randomly searched every time
I fly every time I don't sketchy I look
sketchy
I need the eyebrows that's what a
homeless guy told me what you see
he said my eyebrows made me look like
trouble this guy told you you have
normal eyebrows I don't know what the
fuck he's talking about anyway maybe
that's right
he's only he doesn't his shit judgment
that's why he's homeless
I don't know Jamie you're like extra
Columbus today man yeah he's sure you
got a C hat Cleveland hat oh sorry
yeah no your extra Ohio today yes u-dub
one down oh we're cleaning this weekend
Halle Saturday night see you there
bitches
how are you fun yeah that's where
everybody's going Cleveland why because
now all the people can't afford to live
in California so a couple of my friends
have moved to Ohio actually they're all
going back and also where Texas is a big
one Idaho I heard next one boys are
gonna be mad I told the secret I've
totally ready yeah boys he's pretty
fucking yeah yeah so people are leaving
cuz you it's so the cost of living here
is insane the cost of living is insane
and a faultline that hasn't moved in
five hundred years just shifted
yesterday I know but they did the lady
that I follow on Twitter who's like a
seismologist debunked that it's not as
big of a word that bitch is gonna be the
first one to die thirds gonna open up
under her feet swallow like a big mouth
I'm a week I'm a dumpster fire video I
was like you know the protesters do like
super glue their hand I'm like what have
we dead they superglue their hand to the
fucking pavement and for what for the
olives crazy climate protests talking
about
no no knowledge of this you saying it
like I know I mean I thought everyone
saw these insane extinction rebellion
videos Google this their Google
protester oh my god hey super glue their
hands doing but they all do it and I was
making it her name Farhana oh god damn
it these pop-ups no there's there's so
many more there was one girl so somebody
tweeted about how his favorite image was
a girl doing it and then not realizing
that she had taken her backpack off yet
so you see it like superglue and then
she's like why are you doing this I
don't understand what this she
superglued herself to the shell
headquarters the the concrete outside
okay imagine if you do that and then
there's an earthquake and then you're
just hanging by your superglue to hand
over the crack you imagine when you want
to get your hand back no superglue do
not pull me oh my god fuck you
do not try to move they have little
signs how do they get their fucking glue
off look at her I don't know that's what
I was going to move why are they doing
this fucking morons cuz their morale it
just pisses everyone off that guy who
hasn't beat the dead be on the cover of
his book right he was like he wrote that
book and it's all about the climate and
I forget yeah I just remember the cover
cuz I was like really a dead bee yeah
that's dramatic but he scared the fuck
outta me yeah yeah
have you seen this be look at that
fucker no what is that good what kind of
weird shit do you yet well that was
actually Maynard from tool sent me that
ass from his fucking vineyard oh just
one of the Hornet wasps tarantula hawk
yeah they killed tarantulas and lay
their eggs inside of him yeah one time
besides that fucker it's goddamn bird ya
know I would be he was telling me how
gross they are now huge there are then
he fucking sent me one I was like
alright ya know what's your address you
must get some weird stuff yeah I get
some weird stuff yeah
I see how the pictures of the tattoos
you forget oh yeah that's that's the
weirdest thing there's probably hundreds
of tattoos of my face on people's bodies
does that what does that make you feel
don't tell me how that makes you feel
yeah can we do this time just the whole
being me feels real like you would think
oh you used to it uh-uh I'm not you
start at all mmm being me is fucking
strange like people that love me people
that hate me all of its weird yeah all
of its weird it's strange though all the
attention every time people call my name
like I'm about to go on stage and people
cheer am i yeah yeah that'll feel
strange yeah it never feels real and
when did you start this podcast yeah 10
years 10 years ago December oh wow it's
December 24th it'll be ten years oh
that's amazing and what have you learned
the most from it over the year did you
have any why did you start it just
forgive me and Brian Redman did it for
fun cuz we used to do this thing we
would do in the green rooms where we
would was on a thing called justin.tv
justin.tv and we would flip up this
laptop and we talked to people in the
green room yeah of like comedy clubs
just for fun okay and then one day I was
like yeah let's do it at my house so you
came over my house and we did it and we
were like people to ask questions you're
like fucking literally like 10 yeah yeah
one or a hundred people yeah that was
like pre I mean definitely podcast we
were doing that there was some podcast
back then it was like Adam from MTV what
is his name again
Jamie the guy Adam curry Adam curry was
probably the first and I think he
actually invented the name podcast mmm
and then Corolla in 2012 years ago this
is their mine ah
Irvine improv yeah twelve years ago we
would be in the green between shows well
that was when red band I'd lost a ton of
weight red band broke up with his
girlfriend and decided to get sexy yeah
I don't know it's hard to tell just kill
this I want to see myself look a
beautiful beard though
so anyway we decided to do these videos
just talking to people yeah online and
then the next thing you know we're like
let's do it next week so we did it next
week let's do it again
and then Brian was like people are
asking us to put this on iTunes okay
let's put on iTunes so we started
putting them on iTunes all right let's
do it every week let's do it every week
and then it just by complete just sort
of natural occurrences by natural
circumstances is just snow balled and
they know the other guys start doing it
and then you know so many got to like
this yes I am that's what I'm saying I
don't know I think this thing has a life
of its own yeah I think this thing like
this tarantula hawk sticks a fucking
needle and that tarantulas body and
impregnates it with eggs technology
impregnated me it gave me this idea to
do this it forced me and it it found
what I'm good at and what I'm good at is
talking to people and I'm curious yeah
yeah so like if you can get me a place
where I could sit down for three hours
and ask a guy like Sean Carroll
explained to me astrophysics explained
to me quantum mechanics explain to me
this how do vaccines work how does this
work how does that work you know what is
what is a propulsion what makes the Sun
stay hot like what why does that work
how does the interworking of a cellphone
how does it
what is 5g is that bad for you is that
giving you cancer you know what all
these I'm I always been a person who
asks a lot of questions and likes
talking
and you don't seem to be too
I feel very similar to you in this
respect of that I'm not trying to like
God get any you know just have someone
on and talk to them to be like I got you
I just want to hear people's perspective
and their point of view and learn things
I mean I I laugh when I think of when
you're naming all these people and I'm
like and then you have this moron who
tweeted her way into the center of the
culture or I feel like I have gym
teacher mouth right now what does that
mean white stuff like when you talk you
know
I don't know I've always call it gym
teacher miles no you're fine okay no
worries I'm gonna get self-conscious
don't I mean you know gym teachers
always add that I never noticed until
now I know I know exactly what you're
saying we used to laugh as a team like
people and shit I feel like this is
relatable Joey Diaz gets that all time
like a little white piece like on his
lips you're like do I tell him hey well
I'm talking no tell him
oh not Joey no no I don't want to be
self-conscious yeah I'd rather just
stare at the white thing no I think it's
cool though that you've had in this time
when there's um everybody is like these
political abstractions are just
two-dimensional abstractions you seem to
have actually like hit that zeitgeist so
desire because they're like Oh
everything everyone has a short
attention span I'm like well people are
listening to Joe for like fucking twenty
five hours a day I don't think people
have short attention spans I think that
people can have short attention spans
like you can be distracted by a music
video that constantly switches scenes
all over again but some people like to
sit down and watch conversation mm-hmm
like me I don't get bored having long
conversations yeah enjoy them and if
you're not bored while you're having a
long conversation interesting
conversation the people that are
listening won't get bored either yeah
but if you're bored they'll get bored
yeah you have to be genuinely interested
that's why the beautiful thing about
having a podcast where there's no one
that's telling me hey you have to have
this person on or this guy's got a movie
coming out I want you to have this
person on we're gonna have this person
he has an album out there's none of that
right so if I have someone on like hey
Gary Clark jr. has got a new album I
love that guy let's bring them in it's
always someone who I genuinely think is
cool yeah yeah I have real interests
yeah talking to them and you get to just
I mean it's it's just so it's so funny
how many I was laughing cuz I'm like I
think a lot of my exes listen to you so
this very moment right now is like
sweetest revenge of all it must be you
have I think you had a joke about that
really
I'm sorry to the ladies who had to come
yeah because her boyfriends made them I
went to your your set and it was like it
was literally like a what do they call
it like casting you know central casting
of like Joe Rogan fans I was the only
one in the audience who didn't have a
tattoo I'm 100% sure of that maybe not a
hundred I wouldn't bet all your chips
yeah it doesn't make any sense to me
either the only person who didn't have a
drug addiction and they just hold up
your face I hear it's on the wrists
they're gonna slice it up right quick
are you are you saying Kelly I don't
know and I am preparing for this thing
to fall apart fucking Palisades was on
fire yesterday yeah I know when the
Palisades is on fire
that shit's rough that's like one of the
things we were thinking about like hey
fucking all these fires over here in the
valley
yeah maybe we should move to the
Palisades no the palaces catch on fire
yeah yeah I heard it was arson
did you I think I read that I mean I
could be completely wrong let's not do
any research at all don't Google it
spread that rumor
Joker Premier someone's private home
that's what that's what it was yeah no I
don't I'm not sure I go back and forth
because I know that's the thing I love
it here I mean no tie like Colorado yeah
I like Colorado a lot it's a healthy
estate
I think it's the most fit state again I
could completely make it up with it
makes sense
yeah Boulder everybody's out there
jogging hiking it was just an aspirin
fucking gorgeous there oh my god rich
people know what that they're not stupid
they're rich no they know it's not that
just like the guy says yeah this is an
aspen yeah it's like they're trying to
keep the riffraff out
oh yeah I mean and you have to when you
do that dodgy fly in which I love it I
love it
dodgy I know a dude whose friends died
in a plane buying an Desmond
but Jack slammed it in the mountain yeah
you're fine right into the yurt no out
there's a whiteout terrifying me and it
fucked up hit the mountain couldn't pull
up and I was like I never been to Cabo
until recently and I was like rich
people know it's up yeah they know
what's up Cabo's Iraq though is this
it's everyone's so drunk I'm so
ridiculous like I wasn't a rich people
part there you go I was like oh we're
like Jennifer Aniston rents our house
yeah golf course he owns a fat condo out
there in Cabo
they go there all the time it's special
and magical there were lots of whales it
is Beautif gorgeous yeah it's fucking
amazing did you see what's going on
right now in Sinaloa the Sinaloa
cartel's and what part of it Culiacan I
forget again god but how do you keep
track of all this shit I don't know like
in between all of these interviews and
all the stuff you do and working out and
hunting elk for dinner well this is all
over the news though and my friend Edie
called her on who's been on the podcast
before he actually he runs like the the
Mexican anti cartel he's like one of
those anti cartel military guys ok ok
yeah and he explained a lot of like
what's going on down what's going on
well they arrested El Chapo son I did
see one fight many parts of Mexico the
government surrendered in fight against
very well us yeah the cartels have
unlimited amounts of money because
they're selling drugs to white people
yeah white people need in America are
buying all the cartels cocaine and meth
yeah if you care about Mexico today I'm
doing drugs dub it that's like that all
the hippies I always laugh hysterically
when they're like you know super gluing
themselves and getting all high I'm like
do you have any idea I've worked on
these farms I see what they do the
environment like you're not exactly
helping the environment with you we'd
have it no offense to all the weed
smokers I love you
by any large-scale agriculture is
devastating to them it's so sad what's
happening with big weed up there because
I worked over there it is big weed it is
you don't think it is I'm sure it is but
that expression big weed is like so
hilarious like the weed is an industry
now it is and it was I because I worked
up in the farms for the transition so I
worked from when it was like mom-and-pop
just places and now they're paving over
some of the most fertile soil in
freaking Oregon or California so they
can put these huge domes they give off
out those lights so they can bill it's
fucked up it's fucked it's big weed
anytime you have large-scale agriculture
animals and the environment get fucked
over yeah this is something that like
vegans hate here in this but if you're
buying grain you're buying grain most
likely from large-scale agriculture and
that shit is fucking terrible for
animals terrible for the environment yes
terrible like you're not supposed to
have thousands of acres of all one thing
yeah I'm not supposed to have that
that's not normal you can't have
thousands of acres of corn the laughs
cause it's such that like they would
rewatch the little plastic ziplock
baggies you know that at the farm
there'd be like we're gonna recycle
these and there would be like huge
entire piles of just deer netting that
you used to like keep the colors up like
just piles of plastic I'm like okay guys
I'm not at the place where I was that's
good as but it was a lot of like the
tees they make you know to like boost
these things holy shit I mean it's crazy
what's the tease it's like they use all
these different different things like
fertilizers and different and they make
these huge batches of tees that they use
to fertilize what Compton tea it's not
tea it's like they just call it t and
it's like booster for the nutrient
suspension yeah basically yeah yeah
boost the THC
yeah and a boost just the you know the
it just saw like outdoor
it's so interesting that like in the
1990s when I first came here you had to
have a license I think it was like 94 95
it became legal and I didn't start
smoking until 90 what became a US legal
medically oh okay that was that wine
girl yeah I think it was I think it was
I want to say it was 95 what what year
was marijuana really making I think it's
19 Erik James motherfucker
Google's better than any man that's ever
lived I think it's 94 I think 94 they
passed the the medical marijuana laws 96
so i started smoking in 98 I came here
in 94 I started smoking in 98 and back
then it was still sketchy you smoked for
the first time in 98 no I smoked a
handful of times when I was young
okay but Chomp between the time I was
like 14 and 30 odd I don't think so you
didn't really start smoking - you were
30 yeah oh wow and even think it was 10
times how do you feel in your in your
sober October like what are the biggest
differences that you notice or do you
notice any I feel great yeah yeah do you
feel the booze is what gets here mmm
booze get like booze slows you down yeah
sure like I feel way better without a
couple of drinks but I'd like a couple
of drinks yeah yeah so it's like the
balancing act of I wish I could have a
couple drinks yeah I don't I don't see
the point I don't I like you want a
bucket to the point it's like decaf
coffee or you know my point of a couple
of drinks no because I want to get ready
to go party yeah and I was saying this
you know before we came out I'm like I I
could just smoke weed cuz I did that
through it so for most of my 20s I did
everything to avoid having to get sober
again and a lot of my 30s and I
definitely was trying to like manage it
and there were years where I just smoked
weed and didn't drink
but what happens to me is that it'll be
a gorgeous day like this and I'll be
down in Venice and I'll smoke some weed
and then maybe I'll get a little racy
because the weed is racy and then I want
to balance it out
that gorgeous-looking half from on the
waterfront and next thing you know I'm
doing lines in the townhouse like that
that's where it goes every time for me
do you think that there's like a
well-oiled groove that's in your brain
that once you get some substances in
there like I wonder what it is because
it's interesting because so many this is
why I love like 12-step because no one
fucking wants to be there and there's
some of the funniest places ever and
then I'll hear people come talk about
like 12-step and how it doesn't work and
blah blah blah and I'm like it it works
for a lot of people and every time I go
I get to listen to like essentially some
fucked up story that turned into a
miracle like some guy who was like and
then I had hookers and then I was jarred
and now like and you've been sober and
you're like an upstanding like they're
these rooms are filled with people who
would be menaces to society myself
included I came out of a blackout
driving on the 405 yeah it was one of
the hands-down most terrifying moments
of my life it was and I had been at
Universal Studios so I had driven all
the way from Universal to the 405
getting on the 10 didn't even know how
you got there I had no recollection
apparently I had been out with a bunch
of people and I got scared when I was at
the bar because there are these guys
following me around I was with a bunch
of like high poker high rollers and I
made alcoholism look amazing idn't crazy
like security guards I didn't know this
hey love it when you can get off drugs
like that's one addiction that people
take very seriously and they're happy
for you when you get off of drugs or
alcohol but if you get off at gambling
yeah no no well some people do I mean
it's funny because I've had four I've
helped four people quit smoking weed in
the past year and it is gnarly and part
of the problem I know you I know you'd
give me this I know I know I know you
don't want to hear it but these are
people who were really addicted to it
and they couldn't bizarrely
or mentally well I think the physical
part you get over it's just that they'd
wanted it's insidious because you get
laughed at they wanted that fuzzy
distance yeah
Fuzzy's doesn't and it's easy and it's
like for me what I noticed was that it
was like this we'd seal glass kind of
ceiling made of smoke and once I stopped
quit smoking weed I was suicidal a
depressed for three years like two years
I've smoked for 20 years in my
developmental teenage years I don't
think I had any eighty-two years ago I
mean it's an oil I think it gets in your
fat no I don't think there's any science
no I I just know from my experience that
it took me a while to like get back
online and I felt like I was having a
hard time kind of boosting up to like
where I'm naturally like a happy guy I
wake up and I'm like tralala but for the
two first years I got sober it was
gnarly it was ugly I think there's
different people I mean I'm just joking
around but them not being addicted I
think there's people that get addicted
to a lot of things well it's been what's
the problem is that people don't take it
seriously so they'll be like oh yeah
it's not a real addiction because it
doesn't kill anybody
so if one says that I'm addicted to
pilot I get over but it's like you won't
do but so you don't do anything you know
I'm like yeah you won't do anything you
won't kill anybody you just won't do
anything and I think from my experience
the clarity that I got at the is kind of
priceless I mean I used to write the
stuff and think that I was just so funny
or so insightful and it was like what
the fuck I'm gonna come back and read my
journals that I wrote when I was I and
thought I was so insightful
you can tell I'm just high and drunk
you're like writing thinking that I'm
being like so insightful
occasionally you'll get gems yeah
usually marijuana won't let a little
fucking air through and like oh what is
this I found I miss it I was saying that
the addict in me it's the thing I love
the most I've always loved it the most
and the addicts in me I'm like I'm
worried I'm gonna like give myself
cancer so that I need like
subconsciously and then when I got sober
I did get cancer
Basil's out did you really yeah but
thousands I liked it I was like I guess
I need to smoke weed now it feels like
it's basal cell frigate like it's not
real cancer so it's um I don't know it's
it's like some skin cancer skin cancer
but it's like the least I have a scar
here it's like the least it's not melt
yeah it's it's kind of a joke I mean
maybe maybe I don't know maybe maybe
I'll google it and find out it tells
like millions people but it was my
doctor made practically a joke of it
it's kind of like the beta or arc of
skin cancer god it's like it wants a lot
of attention but it's a freaking
president but it's completely
ineffective guys adorable no he's so
damn is so close to beta - I know bad
ideas yeah I know I know do you think
that he's just like using his his like
father-in-law's money well he definitely
is doing that right
I don't know that keeps turning hard the
fire in the Palisades he's the one who
made you drink yeah I provided the lines
the condo I could I do
I do sometimes like I watch your
podcasts and it's like fuck I but I wish
I could just go drink whiskey with the
boys like I used to and like go travel
the world I was in Sri Lanka partying
and it wasn't you ever have a good night
partying no we're low on time yeah good
night where it didn't go off the rails
yeah yeah yeah maybe not alcohol no I do
I do a whole standard routine about how
and I quit drinking my family gave me
like a reverse intervention
my family's also there so there's a
little ant no it's like an Irish
Catholic huge family right it's just
part of the culture right and they were
like we're worried about you you're not
drinking enough already pregnant sober
yeah what are you sober away you get
vegan now bread and if they using
condoms what are you guys do see the
whales you stop using plastic straw yeah
if I can live dads out there it's
hilarious yeah yeah I think there's
people that can't do stuff yeah I attend
I wish I could I tried I mean they seem
to be having a good time it's a mirror
I'm still nuts all that ii like wife
stuff happened in sobriety that was like
a crazy time at that time and mike it
wasn't like college it was like i was
like 37 years old a little sidetracked
no big deal i I'm I'm grateful
it's a miracle that I did make it make
it to getting sober like when I look
from 20 to 35 I mean even those years
when I moved back when I was here at 19
in the valley it was just a lot of
playing dominoes and doing blow late
into the Domino's oh yeah all night with
a bunch of like d-list
like porn stars and a lawyer who dealt
us all of our blow and it was just
hilarious and it's I I was uh yeah I
mean I and from that to like dating a
really rich student being all over
Europe and drinking Dom everywhere and
being in San Tropez and I was like I've
I've always joked I made it look amazing
but and people like why did you quit why
did you quit virgin and they want to
hear some story like I killed someone in
a drunk driving accident something that
they can and I'm like I was just dying
inside like something in me knew that I
could do better
like I knew there's like a little voice
that always know and part of it was
being in rehab at 19 like it wasn't like
I had evidence that plenty hints yeah
yeah I mean I can't imagine me on
Twitter in 2016 with alcohol and drugs I
would
biebe and I'd be canceled and I'd be
banned I just you could just say you had
a problem with substances and now you're
clean you were sick no I've been banned
from Twitter for sure you starting to
account a lot of people do that I don't
know I'm grateful you do sober October
because it does make me feel it's like
the one month that I can safely not
watch your packets and that view like
white-knuckling I'm enjoying it it's not
bothering me at all really I like a
glass of wine with meals yeah yeah I
miss that too I never I like it you know
and I'm just working out a lot I think
too knowing there's an end makes it
easier it does but one way I feel like
when I do shows at night like tonight I
have two shows tomorrow night I have two
shows and I know I'm not gonna be
drinking the show so I know when I wake
up in the morning I'm gonna feel good
and do you notice a difference in your
is there a difference in your shows a
little bit yeah yeah I mean I probably
am more coherent like Tommy's probably
little better I don't know but then
maybe I'm not as loose but by the end of
the month like right now I'm xx you know
it's a 22nd it's all gravy do you think
that your audience would turn on you if
you're ever like oh god yeah don't use a
fuck what you do it's trying to be sober
and not so long if you're funny if
you're doing well if like the people are
coming to see you and you're put in the
work and they're laughing they're having
a good time do you put on a good show
they're not gonna be mad at you yeah
bitch I gotta wrap this up yes three
o'clock okay tell people your Twitter
handle
Oh Bridget fantasy you can find me at
all that Oh Bri
dget pH ETA sy you can find my walk-ins
welcome podcast and anywhere and I have
did the weekly dumpster fire show on
YouTube which is bananas yeah yeah my
pleasure
thanks for doing this was fun yeah bye
everybody
that is so fun thank you